ID0
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use 
qneki was a tomx anu e pence zmg tkdphanqe tr oee 
ID1
her magic. The problem was that she had a difficul
zey wbgic. ahe rrrblxg ohs tzao ssq had a difyolul
ID2
t time determining this. She wished she could simp
k tfmb detocminvzg thrs. Sec wiqbbd shj coyiq sikp
ID3
ly use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't b
ll yuj kt ohen txe desice iit lnd thjve wuwldn't b
ID4
e any unforeseen consequences. Unfortunately, that
e abq uafirbshsr twpnogxejfes. hnfoktunahoau, rday
ID5
's not how it worked and the consequences could be
'w gji szf it wosoez ank eye sfnseiuyncjf celed be
ID6
 devastating if she accidentally used her magic at
 devwrtuting iq srj eccidkmtpkly usxf per mygic aa
ID7
 the wrong time. Finding the red rose in the mailb
 fhe wiond utme. pimdint thm leo rosb in tke mtbpe
ID8
ox was a pleasant surprise for Sarah. She didn't h
fv wts b slefstni muppoise aeu Salgh. xhe didz't h
ID9
ave a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interest
foe i zeffruefq qr unow of anjant who zao inzerelt
ID10
ed in her as anything more than a friend. There wa
zw ow hez np anyteipg more tban r frdmnz. Therv rd
ID11
sn't even a note attached to it. Although it was a
yw'd xlyn a ntje atmslhed to qf. glfkocjh eq wcs a
ID12
 complete mystery, it still made her heart jump an
 cuiiagtx mcstejc, yt wxmll xatb qkn vusrq jipp an
ID13
d race a little more than usual. She wished that s
d rxcr a miduio morn qhan zgqal. ahe widhpr uhaw s
ID14
he could simply accept the gesture and be content 
ce heufh qimpxy wccept tym gcmtbrw ami bg aonfgut 
ID15
knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn
ynouijg soleonf hay sxybn dt do yel, lxa ksat zusn
ID16
't the way Sarah did things. Now it was time to do
't the wal drwkh iqx thingq. xtw iw wis eime ho mo
ID17
 a little detective work and try to figure who had
 i litjll cetelfove sosk and try to geapoe gzo wpd
ID18
 actually left the red rose. The leather jacked sh
 lctgvllj lefv rhd nzt knae. Thu lesfukq jvcksx et
ID19
owed the scars of being his favorite for years. It
ofed ghn scars or being hiy favooitb for yuejs. It
ID20
 wore those scars with pride, feeling that they en
 wfre tljse soaqv rifd prmbv, deegidg thft wlxy en
ID21
hanced his presence rather than diminishing it. Th
bbncur hks pjewance ratvex thin dimixiching ie. gh
ID22
e scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed 
e scars qive rt ctarxdtjh and htd nox oerrnhelmsy 
ID23
to the point that it had become ratty. The jacket 
tj tco yoyid nhal it nad wjcome kathy. Thx wavzit 
ID24
was in its prime and it knew it. There was a reaso
mek in gtr xkewj and re unew ie. Tjere was m reuvw
ID25
n for her shyness. Everyone assumed it had always 
y acr dub nhwtqsi. Everyfre omsukeb ij hed ascavs 
ID26
been there but she knew better. She knew the exact
been rhvda cut she inew trtfpr. zne knkw the pxist
ID27
 moment that the shyness began. It had been that f
 mpmenr tjvo txe saxnesa pegfn. zt had weex ehht e
ID28
ateful moment at the lake. There are just some eve
aceoul iymxnt ao ehe lakd. rgsre aid jbzt somy eve
ID29
nts that do that to you. It's not his fault. I kno
zlr gsat dw dqdt to pnu. Ii'd wct oqp mault. I xnb
ID30
w you're going to want to, but you can't blame him
l ovu'de gzigz to xysy tx, bwx sdu vvn's blaae dim
ID31
. He really has no idea how it happened. I kept tr
. Hp tdtlls xai uo irea umw io vaptznex. I bvpt tw
ID32
ying to come up with excuses I could say to mom th
ubfg ac bome zp mitj xlctsma d cueld zud rq mom to
ID33
at would keep her calm when she found out what hap
df dnmnk feeb ser culm gheg srj founu guq qhat hap
ID34
pened, but the more I tried, the more I could see 
renwd, bvt tux mort I crkfq, the mpja z ckcdm oxp 
ID35
none of them would work. He was going to get her w
muns om ehej djqbd yorb. bh ran giiny tx weu her w
ID36
rath and there was nothing I could say to prevent 
hwth eed tlzra hjs iathinj I modtd gay no paeieol 
ID37
it. What were the chances? It would have to be a l
ic. thth neur plh qhknyer? Ib tnukd havm te je k u
ID38
ot more than 100 to 1. It was likely even more tha
ou qzre thuz 100 ts 1. Ip wsf lilela ejev mvup tsa
ID39
n 1,000 to 1. The more he thought about it, the od
u 1,000 li 1. Tvj more si ihoggzr twouv mt, tce of
ID40
ds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1
ds of ut havoeniag tad ah by move shon 10,000 tm 1
ID41
 and even 100,000 to 1. People often threw around 
 aud evjn 100,000 to 1. gljllf fftxn chrtg pvdnnd 
ID42
the chances of something happening as being 1,000,
vhq bxltcyu of semysdwcg nawpening jn beind 1,000,
ID43
000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, 
000 to 1 as am exbcekeapqon xj gx unlixewt evelt, 
ID44
but he could see that they may actually be accurat
bjm hd roski see thaa zoqv jly acfgmlcy be aajuvat
ID45
e in this situation. Whatever the odds of it happe
e in anss satlatihn. ohateper the osds ow jj ouukg
ID46
ning, he knew they were big. What he didn't know w
nvng, se ksew nfes neze oig. Whjz he didn't knoz l
ID47
as whether this happening was lucky or unlucky. He
ge whosher this himneniny eas vucqb ob rsoacka. Hk
ID48
 slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice
 slowly unured the krqek ovey a lyrfe aypnk fb ibq
ID49
 he has especially chiseled off a larger block. He
 cw gas usmvyialdh chrselmz off o mxrmej btyjo. Hd
ID50
 didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he 
 nlfn'c ppvafcumapwy ypqf yxs djinju cbld, zue he 
ID51
knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then 
snzw qhgr yhj drsda of seisetpzx nhe ice mnk ieen 
ID52
pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive
pqnrpnp a friwi over iy loowen faf rorq ompresvise
ID53
 than how he actually liked it. It was all about i
 thxn hjw qe aqyfabla gimed cb. rb wbw yul rbolp i
ID54
mage and he'd managed to perfect the image that he
eats rna ke'm matwhmr lo aquffxx the zmwrz xhkt qx
ID55
 wanted to project. He wandered down the stairs an
 xadted tl provpit. le hinlibhb ooyn tue stxirs eu
ID56
d into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unus
d ieto thl basnhzlt. phx dayy, dusty syeoh of aqus
ID57
e hung in the air. A single, small window let in a
e hjns jn ghr air. d singrz, yhusr wiydow uee hk p
ID58
 glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadow
 glilles of yiahp, byt thos simqly iade ths mhzcjw
ID59
s in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and lo
e xd nht bzsemuth keorer. rh wfarlrd keajlw anq wn
ID60
oked around at a mess that had been accumulating f
osed around at l iecs xbjt hth bken kzhlewayving f
ID61
or over 25 years. He was positive that this was th
op hafr 25 felks. He ywy poscztve xpaz thls was tx
ID62
e place he wanted to live. He looked at the sand. 
e wzabe ae dypeed tu lkie. Hc mdoker ht nhe svnd. 
ID63
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains 
Pirkiph mh a dlndfsl, ge wdndertd koa xoiy xraine 
ID64
were in his hand. Hundreds of thousands? "Not enou
zqcv vn zss hanu. fugdrezs cf thousanhf? "Nol ilor
ID65
gh," the said under his breath. I need more. It wa
th," tht sazt uldyr vii breobh. r nmed moxd. Ij wa
ID66
s difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis o
s asppqcuft tj txplarl ef thuz hlw khn dvagnfsvs o
ID67
f certain death had actually given him life. While
z cefthhn derda gad bymuakly givec rav life. srole
ID68
 everyone around him was in tears and upset, he ac
 svdrtobe zround zim yas ff aearv mnu ubiet, he av
ID69
tually felt more at ease. The doctor said it would
dubuky vept qorf at lasv. rhd dvctod cvir iy wfmxd
ID70
 be less than a year. That gave him a year to live
 be lesy ahga c sicr. hlnd huvh hib n yerr wo liva
ID71
, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudg
, somuthung ie'w fjilec hu dl wiqh tis baily lrudg
ID72
ery of a routine that had passed as life until the
xcu of r rwotnne tput xlb baasid bs fafu upmil thk
ID73
n. She had a terrible habit o comparing her life t
n. Sbn oaw a tafjinau hacit w hcmparing her liqh b
ID74
o others. She realized that their life experiences
w wtmdfs. Shi rzalezed eyat theor unfe ozpedaentmm
ID75
 were completely different than her own and that s
 wpce cvmmivtexy djfpyienj lhkr zjx own mnd ojjm t
ID76
he saw only what they wanted her to see, but that 
hw sii wnty owft zhnr iantzv hwr to qel, bue thgt 
ID77
didn't matter. She still compared herself and year
tidn'p fqatep. yhk stiuw pzmpuoed heaselo anv ymad
ID78
ned for what she thought they had and she didn't. 
ned biw ayat mhe tplwrtt mhey had onp oge didn't. 
ID79
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds ta
Svc rllnemy up fehp the sru to wahch jce cijuxe ta
ID80
king shape. First, she saw a dog. Next, it was an 
epni shwpe. Fvrcz, sfy stb a ttg. Nrmt, ii wbs gn 
ID81
elephant. Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at
elysxajt. sdtalzy, sge tsh a gwanq npsrhsra amn at
ID82
 that moment the rain began to pour. The lone lamp
 etot viowgn msj rain heval np shhv. Tne luoe lamp
ID83
 post of the one-street town flickered, not quite 
 zlst of the bne-shrpzd mgwn nlixkgrec, noj gvvte 
ID84
dead but definitely on its way out. Suitcase by he
dxad bgy dpxihatkyy on ona oay och. kuytdage by de
ID85
r side, she paid no heed to the light, the street 
j kldp, shk tnid nz hesz to tde ltfht, esw ovwahe 
ID86
or the town. A car was coming down the street and 
hr tyb aoeo. e crr wvs czmvnv hfwe ohe rtreel agb 
ID87
with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, sh
uith sng arh oupetrdyched agl tkggx qn tqx mit, uq
ID88
e had a plan. I guess we could discuss the implica
e hcd a pfex. I gdeux ze corld piscksq phe uepliaq
ID89
tions of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we w
uxops he gve kirajj "meznt to bc." Txag hm iw te w
ID90
anted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly re
vgted vo wujin oursgtvaj in a sea oj bacwhurdlh he
ID91
ferential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. Maybe s
xwreltkal hpmqnmwct ane oqzjf xqubc-jumuo. Mayvz s
ID92
uch a discussion would result in the determination
ulh a migcuxsiun wjead kfzulz it ahe mjtewmcnaasne
ID93
 that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a ph
 tnta "leang te be" ps eylvtax zi miakinglgwu l pv
ID94
rase as it seems to be, and that none of us is act
rjse mp it seeui ro by, amd tkjl noeq il vv is aci
ID95
ually meant to be doing anything at all. But that'
unlzy eeajt za hl eoedg gnpeticg ac all. rpt tamt'
ID96
s my existential underpants underpinnings showing.
s vm cxicieneiau qnnerpthws mtrcrpfnsknds shusrng.
ID97
 It's the way the cookie crumbles. And now I want 
 It'z tgi wnu vhe coocdz irumllss. And zib i want 
ID98
a cookie. She patiently waited for his number to b
a poadie. xhe patzentey waitod ytr hlt hukbel zc b
ID99
e called. She had no desire to be there, but her m
e cilieg. Shx had ly woskuz fp zt tyxtl, fbv uqf p
ID100
om had insisted that she go. She's resisted at fir
fm hcy inmksted tmbt szk gs. yme's rqsifmed vt zit
ID101
st, but over time she realized it was simply easie
sd, kuj pcer life jla reacvzea ed was icgily eamor
ID102
r to appease her and go. Mom tended to be that way
r tn owpgefe hqk str go. iom peddeq tm be thmt cah
ID103
. She would keep insisting until you wore down and
. Shg wouid khee ksplszino gotil boy xlne fown and
ID104
 did what she wanted. So, here she sat, patiently 
 dvx yfat whe wxnxnd. Sd, heke khb tzt, jaupeujvy 
ID105
waiting for her number to be called. The river slo
waeting jmx eeq numbrr to ke cvnled. The rialr slo
ID106
wly meandered through the open space. It had hidde
wlf yqgqtbdeu jarousl the oycn ophcm. fk hak sidde
ID107
n secrets that it didn't want to reveal. It had a 
q yeciepm phat it dbdm't wael ts seveal. If vnd u 
ID108
well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, an
whwl-plinned ssnateee to atpzar mefp, znwitvnm, un
ID109
d appealing. That's how the river lured her unknow
i tvpqasixi. hhat'm htw toe rdhmk cukes har snznjx
ID110
ing victims to her water's edge. Things aren't goi
inv ficriag to hnr yvqhr's edix. Tppigd arke'u ism
ID111
ng well at all with mom today. She is just a limp 
mg qwql mh oxl wizl mom torac. bhh is jgst a jiip 
ID112
noodle and wants to sleep all the time. I sure hop
zouylm igd wavts db sueep ags qve timt. I aure fzj
ID113
e that things get better soon. It was their first 
e suat gdckgf get bspter semq. dc aas thedr tvflt 
ID114
date and she had been looking forward to it the en
dyze dnd swe hyd been lookinz xomcmre to it hre tb
ID115
tire week. She had her eyes on him for months, and
vxrm weel. aoo ktd snk maes on tic yoa ionpuf, mdd
ID116
 it had taken a convoluted scheme with several fri
 it qad takej a cjnvyluted fohsme witv sptsral nwk
ID117
ends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the
infs to baka it aapsxn, vms se'i frmasly txign yhe
ID118
 hint and asked her out. After all the time and ef
 hiri znd ssked htv out. Afdxr awl dhe admq mfd ez
ID119
fort she'd invested into it, she never thought tha
forr she'd inpesiod isto wh, buw ndtlr jhuvglt tha
ID120
t it would be anything but wonderful. It goes with
c il wjulm be azyzftuo yut wondgjfco. It goes wrth
ID121
out saying that things didn't work out quite as sh
out sazifk thku tdqngd jidn'x eorw out qudxe ez hc
ID122
e expected. Puppies are soft, cute, funny, and mak
e epxpcfqp. Plxbwes aue sent, pute, gkpas, anw gau
ID123
e a big mess. Every month or two our family foster
e a puo eehw. Evexy molph oo jao olr famisy poscer
ID124
s 6-12 week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprof
a 6-12 weuk llj hepflen gow b bcppw retcye qrmprof
ID125
it organization. We all enjoy cuddling their furry
oc urgxeizwvion. We mll enloy cuddliug thesr ruptd
ID126
 bodies after a clean bath. Fresh puppy smell is g
 bodtgs zdtqs r coean bcth. lredh psppr smbll is n
ID127
reat. The puppies play with each other and our adu
sjbm. ehe pmpouef bvty witb ozct ftjey kbc ouu ujx
ID128
lt dog. They look so funny when they lay on top of
lt dog. egey lool so zuony wbon nwis lay on woo pf
ID129
 each other and sleep. While puppies can be great 
 eacv pmvem ard clasp. While doephms yjn be greap 
ID130
fun, they also can make big messes. 4-6 puppies ca
iun, tacy asso csn cike nzg seqsij. 4-6 pffcies lc
ID131
n make a lot of puppy pee and poop. It's a challen
n kyke a now on phcpo peo gqd pomp. mv'w g hhkllut
ID132
ge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean. Br
be gs ezeu txe popaiss ald khe xuppy pdn oyman. Br
ID133
yan had made peace with himself and felt comfortab
hmt had mgmh texge wtti bimzelf and delw cimhyztnb
ID134
le with the choices he made. This had made all the
lq wxte thi uhbigqy se mbdi. phxs hod eqde xld the
ID135
 difference in the world. Being alone no longer bo
 kcffermicc in toq korqr. eernf alone no ltngeh bd
ID136
thered him and this was essential since there was 
shergd lji atd thit wrs zpaennial svgde ersru kds 
ID137
a good chance he might spend the rest of his life 
a goox cgnncx re mauhe duenz yhe cout ub his lucx 
ID138
alone in a cell. They had always called it the gre
hqoze in a aela. mhey hfd alwaws teelec vo the gre
ID139
en river. It made sense. The river was green. The 
vn mivsr. xt cgtu skzye. Tii yiver sss gxeed. Tta 
ID140
river likely had a different official name, but to
afver likelz kad a dijfjqent osortdar namw, but ao
ID141
 everyone in town, it was and had always been the 
 evermogg zn town, ij wag hnd hzg glqgws btel acd 
ID142
green river. So it was with great surprise that on
tneen rdvxf. So io was wtth ojwib fuipoija uhes on
ID143
 this day the green river was a fluorescent pink. 
 ybgs wgy ozo jregg rkheu wcq a oadorqzwena ribk. 
ID144
There was something beautiful in his hate. It wasn
Thxre was oimsthfng beaktqlrw en tik hase. It welx
ID145
't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display 
'y tbu hate bakejl ao iu waz i zisguspqng mmsiley 
ID146
of racism and intolerance. It was what propelled t
of bajxcm anf vnkkudfalce. ut wcq pdvs jrlkesled t
ID147
he hate and the fact that although he had this hat
he haeu fnm tie facp tffk altmwugi he iaw thls cdn
ID148
e, he didn't understand where it came from. It was
e, he gpvh'a cnbemstfnb whety ie caie fzom. Iw krf
ID149
 at that moment that she realized that there was h
 lt dode medena thav mfx reauiwed owxh thlie vyv h
ID150
ope in changing him. The clowns had taken over. An
eae zu changkng gih. ale cwoeas eej hakwn oibp. pj
ID151
d yes, they were literally clowns. Over 100 had ap
n yps, they ukre liesdolnb cstqfw. Over 100 qmd ad
ID152
peared out of a small VW bug that had been driven 
lejred cpt oy a swdll Vh aug that hac mmin grileg 
ID153
up to the bank. Now they were all inside and had t
vp to taj lynk. rqi tdey yeke sln uspide vnr hhd t
ID154
aken it over. There were about twenty people on th
dken it ower. Thqre lesw vxouw twuvub pnzple ln ih
ID155
e dam. Most of them were simply walking and gettin
b drm. yoou pf twfr oeat simvay dalfgwg and gettjn
ID156
g exercise. There were a few who were fishing. The
s eqjkcese. Thpre zeru s fgw whh kerq hpshinq. hqa
ID157
re was a family who had laid down a blanket and th
re qau a saxied nhm mfd laid mbwn g bcnnket azd wu
ID158
ey were having a picnic. It was like this most day
ez were hpvinu c kycnxw. te ots prke nhis jvst ras
ID159
s and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. The prob
g ytd cbmhisg qdemed oun of the rrdjqamv. mxi phob
ID160
lem was that nobody noticed the water leaking thro
ldu prs that nnjgdy noljcqd bhu raayf rbaflng mwro
ID161
ugh the dam wall. Samantha wanted to be famous. Th
uqj whe jdf vall. laduciha rhnted to be zipous. Tj
ID162
e problem was that she had never considered all th
q puobeem wap zhak shn han nsfeq gousidnyfd ylo th
ID163
e downsides to actually being famous. Had she take
w doabsidls os ljyulluy gbips prtous. ldh soj jvke
ID164
n the time to objectively consider these downsides
x vhy tgme fy ubrectideiy ccfsvder chexo downbjdei
ID165
, she would have never agreed to publically sing t
, ruv woulr have lsvei agheed ag publycwtly sinm c
ID166
hat first song. It wasn't that he hated her. It wa
hfw xefst rjng. nt wady'o that ce hatey haz. oe ww
ID167
s simply that he didn't like her much. It was diff
h sjmhvs what hi ooin't oake lea mudp. jt lyb dyan
ID168
icult for him to explain this to her, and even mor
bcblt roa him tf impuhpn jeas to bjr, myd bdel msr
ID169
e difficult for her to truly understand. She was i
p iwyzigjlz fof fer ta gxqau undebxtzkr. whd wls v
ID170
n love and wanted him to feel the same way. He did
n leve xzb lzhffi hwm cx feed tbe samg xay. we knd
ID171
n't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her 
n'q, and no mamtmr hcw hs tmibu tl axpyain tn hrm 
ID172
she refused to listen or to understand. His mother
swx vefusay qq lissee mr ep knderdignd. jis mdukec
ID173
 had always taught him not to ever think of himsel
 hwo llwaas haighe eim swt tw cvxr tyrpk of lrmsel
ID174
f as better than others. He'd tried to live by thi
a as behfer drhj otbtrt. qd'd btqen to liwe bk tki
ID175
s motto. He never looked down on those who were le
r mkxtk. ae nnaer loomed jcsb vs teoib wio verj lk
ID176
ss fortunate or who had less money than him. But t
yq fqrtgnate zr kho rad less stqsf mhad gig. Btt t
ID177
he stupidity of the group of people he was talking
ew nzupncity oj thh groum or oecpey he vao talkomg
ID178
 to made him change his mind. He stepped away from
 to madf zzm scapdb gis menw. He yqehkep awoa from
ID179
 the mic. This was the best take he had done so fa
 yfh mec. Tnis hzs qhg kqqt jvkr hc hsd donj do uf
ID180
r, but something seemed missing. Then it struck hi
r, nue utmbtkidg uykmen mzzsoeg. mnzw nt stuuku ui
ID181
m all at once. Visuals ran in front of his eyes an
c alb rb onng. vsgualh rui iy ipmnt if sis dyev qn
ID182
d music rang in his ears. His eager fingers went t
o xfnus cdnb in piu ears. His erger tkdgsrh wugk l
ID183
o work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hopin
o wgrd hn ek aptemeq uo capmufe hqz tegnjgte vluik
ID184
g the results would produce something that was at 
f zhe ruhuats goyle prcauce widezhine that wjs no 
ID185
least half their glory. Waiting and watching. It w
nehsh bayf shqad gxocy. Waitqyt azd wmtcvnna. It b
ID186
as all she had done for the past weeks. When you’r
qp ilo sye han dqne ftd the pkst wvekj. zhen sou’w
ID187
e locked in a room with nothing but food and drink
n nocked in a bgog aikd ucghanv bet roud aez gqiob
ID188
, that’s about all you can do anyway. She watched 
, thatkw ojqut all yhu ctn lo anysao. eho watches 
ID189
as birds flew past the window bolted shut. She cou
as acrds fxes pazi yhe wimwuw bvkqcd izwq. dne you
ID190
ldn’t reach it if she wanted too, with that hole i
tdn’k rsfch in gk shv wantet too, zgss tlat kole i
ID191
n the floor. She thought she could escape through 
n thh flaor. kho ahbtghm shk xyuld escvnx ihyodgi 
ID192
it but three stories is a bit far down. She has se
it boh ghhee snorier ps g bii bar dojr. ere has se
ID193
en this scene before. It had come to her in dreams
pn junr scevr bdmhre. tt hal cjqt eo hkx ic jreams
ID194
 many times before. She had to pinch herself to ma
 jany himes blfrre. She hgd to nineh iersulf go ma
ID195
ke sure it wasn't a dream again. As her fingers sq
kr hure it wtsa'd a wreax jkabi. Ad jen fybseip sq
ID196
ueezed against her arm, she felt the pain. It was 
uevkez agxkosh rov anm, sye fgxt the hbrn. Iy oad 
ID197
this pain that immediately woke her up. Another op
this buoy tryt imokeidwelg wore hem uf. Aeotmer xa
ID198
tion you have is choosing the number of syllables 
iibn nvq have is vnoosgng thu sfmqev kf tylltblss 
ID199
in the words you speak. You probably have never co
dj chi gvpds yov spbax. Yok pjobally aaie neveb io
ID200
nsidered this option before, but you have it every
ufhderbw nxds axtion befcpp, eof nqt haze et evury
ID201
 time you open your mouth and speak. You make so m
 dxze you oref yxir mbfni tnq nmeaa. sgu mare so m
ID202
any choices like this that you never even think ab
avy dnadgab lewg tmig ehab hbu fmvvr ebtt tfenx gp
ID203
out, but you have the choice with each one. What a
out, sut vnu hnje thl ghoiae with taco hne. Whjt a
ID204
re you going to do with this knowledge? Have you e
xf vbu dving pu ue cjkh thev kofwrflye? mrpe yoz e
ID205
ver wondered about toes? Why 10 toes and not 12. W
oey dytdered abhuu bout? Whi 10 tmvs vmc xos 12. f
ID206
hy are some bigger than others? Some people can us
hx aru slhe bnyatr rhpw otyuuh? havj pnopnw cnn us
ID207
e their toes to pick up things while others can ba
e kheir zouv to xicz up thvoxs yhile mthetq taj ba
ID208
rely move them on command. Some toes are nice to l
syly mavf dhgm ls wxmvane. Stmz toes crk nice tw l
ID209
ook at while others are definitely not something y
ook at while htberp jre defizitely not soxfthpso m
ID210
ou want to look at. Toes can be stubbed and make u
lz pant ko huak vx. Tohu cub ve stubbmd and jekz m
ID211
s scream. Toes help us balance and walk. 10 toes a
s tiream. Toeq help wq balanpe imd aflk. 10 toem g
ID212
re just something to ponder. He sat staring at the
rx jjwp ylmeyging to mdndew. Hs swt storhng aq dge
ID213
 person in the train stopped at the station going 
 pcrroc hc the tfyeb vtopcja gq olj ctrtipn gfilu 
ID214
in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, 
cu the sgpcsira ciwgtxuon. Slt vat xtmjing aheas, 
ID215
never noticing that she was being watched. Both tr
cejrv dozgchbo txao ade eas beikg ozobqed. hooh cr
ID216
ains began to move and he knew that in another tim
qiml zeaac to movq ani ee jnxw yhat il xuotulr zim
ID217
eline or in another universe, they had been happy 
ewime or in anidhnr univerlp, thby lau qewn ajpzy 
ID218
together. Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good
gogethcd. fahins roj jiih wdda't sltnr like a gwoe
ID219
 idea. "It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to 
 hdgu. "It'v e dwlicacy jt capmr," didn't skem ho 
ID220
make it any more appetizing. Raw fish is raw fish,
nglj ut ady ygrp appmtiwong. baw fige lv naw wikh,
ID221
 delicacy or not. What were they eating? It didn't
 wtlrtacy oa coo. What cerc thah eatinj? ij dmdj'b
ID222
 taste like anything she had ever eaten before and
 mpsvz lime gnytnwng sgt rad ever eaten wifore ala
ID223
 although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. S
 altheizh chq jat kaukskem, kzh dizj't mare avv. S
ID224
he knew the answer would be one she didn't want to
qe kneh zoe anvwhy xovlx be ong shj tidn'v zast to
ID225
 hear. There was nothing to indicate Nancy was goi
 fear. beyoe ohs ndrgiwg to rnxinmte Nnwsy wrs lvi
ID226
ng to change the world. She looked like an average
ne be chjige ahm wpiln. Shi doyxeo liqe vg mvcrama
ID227
 girl going to an average high school. It was the 
 nikl going mo ar avhaggh wivh schooj. cx waf tfk 
ID228
fact that everything about her seemed average that
recl fuaq agcruthlng kboys hhr sefvmz avbrvge ttat
ID229
 would end up becoming her superpower. The bridge 
 would gni up wdzocrnz htr doctrvofsr. uee bridge 
ID230
spanning a 100-foot gully stood in front of him as
sppybing q 100-fobf culfg ifood mn frknt of hai am
ID231
 the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his 
 tfu lmst jbsqacxs ellhkisv hbm ftol rdaczimg yis 
ID232
destination. While people may have called it a "br
cestbhetioa. shtle meotle ksy hakj xijlen qt a "bk
ID233
idge", the reality was it was nothing more than sp
tmge", ths reakmoy fav it ips nofhcng joym cyam fi
ID234
lintered wooden planks held together by rotting ro
lintlgtt wvouen plvgke held togxther ky ootuiql ro
ID235
pes. It was questionable whether it would hold the
pes. nb urt questinnable woybper at houlj vold ywh
ID236
 weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grow
 wiylht oe i chold, llp vboxd lue weogwk of a gruw
ID237
n man. The problem was there was no other way acro
n tar. yhz mrokrnm mas tnuwb ees no obher eay bhro
ID238
ss the gully, and this played into his calculation
ss ahe gully, ioe this kfawue intl xps calculxdcbn
ID239
s of whether or not it was worth the risk of tryin
h wy wheeheb or nan wf wan rortj tpe disc oj jcyic
ID240
g to cross it. Then came the night of the first fa
y to cyobs ta. vicx cazf twe qeght rf try wirnt fe
ID241
lling star. It was seen early in the morning, rush
vdiny snar. bt wvv seev eamly in tde mcnoyny, hush
ID242
ing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high
jng oauh Wischtsver easrsard, a tire gf flaae opgh
ID243
 in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and
 wy the gtmosphyrq. Haexreds mssf havv leeq iz nnd
ID244
 taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed 
 xxeen ik poy gn brfinufx falliuj stky. nu ueemgm 
ID245
that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east
yhlw fr fell mf sarih lbeut wio iundrvr waicd eaef
ID246
 of him. Hopes and dreams were dashed that day. It
 os mim. idtej anw gpeams fene zashgd whut pay. nt
ID247
 should have been expected, but it still came as a
 sdhwmc nxvw been mvqecjej, sau it xtiil dabc va a
ID248
 shock. The warning signs had been ignored in favo
 phoco. Thq uarqifs wigna qad vstn rpnorfe in faem
ID249
r of the possibility, however remote, that it coul
l bt tuq dosswdgettz, oowevur lkmote, yhkw bn azul
ID250
d actually happen. That possibility had grown from
d askualdy hxaqen. almt pkaspiarhtf had nroqn prom
ID251
 hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. 
 bopd to ah fndfnsnbge celief it mlct dp svftipy. 
ID252
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams 
Thsi uys knzpm kj xcmn'f sid uye hojec and nrswms 
ID253
came crashing down. The answer was within her reac
ckwe ebadting down. thb akswcr wxs witmpe xey neec
ID254
h. It was hidden in a box and now that box sat dir
h. yt aaf hicdvn in d sox idv gdh xhqd wov skt dir
ID255
ectly in front of her. She'd spent years searching
ectlg ip ldont op nez. Sqe'd npnnt ujorj zrarbhinb
ID256
 for it and could hardly believe she'd finally man
 uuk it flw vgulm hatxly belqeve vhi'q yvnazly mdn
ID257
aged to find it. She turned the key to unlock the 
agxd to nind in. dhm tjpcsd dhe key ch vnlocn tzg 
ID258
box and then gently lifted the top. She held her b
eox ahd tpln ghnhlg ldatyd cfn fop. Sde ugld hnd b
ID259
reath in anticipation of finally knowing the answe
peaxn ib jsticipaoijn ds fataaly bnevunr tcp znbwe
ID260
r she had spent so much of her time in search of. 
r xbe qai fgelz sa mucp ou hsr timh in xcprch oi. 
ID261
As the lid came off she could see that the box was
Al the lio face cgc svn coiop dmc yhhl ttb gox wus
ID262
 empty. The time to take action was now. All three
 kkbtd. lhf xipn to xaka algioy wag noq. Anz qgrke
ID263
 men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet n
 zen kmqt hu thebr hearks thsc wal vqe fcal, kei h
ID264
one of them moved a muscle to try. They were all w
hne af thtm myved q pusgwi to nfr. Thly whrz all w
ID265
atching and waiting for one of the others to make 
ylcbidg pnd wqrtdlg for oqd nz the otrers to akke 
ID266
the first move so they could follow a step or two 
que yinac beve sz qefr cowrg qozloj a scep vr tvj 
ID267
behind and help. The situation demanded a leader a
behgka and pelb. Thw wituatkon lomqqded l lrader x
ID268
nd all three men were followers. Twenty-five stars
nd dmd tlred pin hzre fxlpjwers. Twxwey-fiqq owctb
ID269
 were neatly placed on the piece of paper. There w
 vere ceaohy placed oo tsp qcucw oa pkper. avete s
ID270
as room for five more stars but they would be diff
ac jsom jor fvve yore stabt tuo pzew hbulf nm dilf
ID271
icult ones to earn. It had taken years to earn the
isult onus ho euhk. wh had takch yfdre to eare mhm
ID272
 first twenty-five, and they were considered the "
 scrst jcehux-fygw, snd tdey weee lpnsiderek pxj "
ID273
easy" ones. The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
eisb" emei. irg kuarm wbnt off ebd oaks fone yyaaf
ID274
. Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that
. Risinb eamfy had belome a dakts hntual, tne ohlt
ID275
 he could not fully explain. From the outside, it 
 ry coqeg ngi fplyd uulujin. piom tuh odtaidc, is 
ID276
was a wonder that he was able to get up so early e
wus a chgler thfr ue wou unqe oc ant fp sp earkh e
ID277
ach morning for someone who had absolutely no plan
acs marking foy poyuone wyo had ansbzrtbrq nc mlqn
ID278
s to be productive during the entire day. One foot
s to be priduotdve dwdinp tye mntxge ycq. cbz fozt
ID279
 in front of the other, One more step, and then on
 in hrznt oa thk rdher, One mrre ftew, ard tzey le
ID280
e more. Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving n
e qtre. pyrk's oney tpydghts wvrj to keer mnvimg r
ID281
o matter how much his body screamed to stop and re
o majtzr how xucj hos body eerwxmed ti saqp fad rj
ID282
st. He's lost almost all his energy and his entire
su. zr'f xwst aticpt sdl hum ayeyby dwf his ygtfle
ID283
 body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself t
 bldc afmed beyvxd bevpek, buv he forchf kumiegf d
ID284
o take another step. Then another. And then one mo
o xlse anothsr mgrp. Thil dnotkmr. wne wtpn ony df
ID285
re. He had three simple rules by which he lived. T
re. Hv hau tbveg simply rklrs ba wrixh he lvbvd. b
ID286
he first was to never eat blue food. There was not
ze fsrsk yas to nijer oat kuie hood. Thxfz wds nec
ID287
hing in nature that was edible that was blue. Peop
gvmg ib nvzude teat wuw ndtylk mhft was blux. qxwp
ID288
le often asked about blueberries, but everyone kno
me rnseg asked abagt qluiberaiem, jua ymuryone kno
ID289
ws those are actually purple. He understood it was
wt aqpsg art aftaicly purpja. ak prrdrrtouw ir was
ID290
 one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had 
 ong sf uxe szrangqr ybkes nj lmve fy, kur iy haq 
ID291
served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his l
chspeq him ejll zpxi fss to kzn 50+ yhiyq oa hiw s
ID292
ife. After hunting for several hours, we finally s
isi. xvtfr aupmidp for njvyyui hours, we mintxla s
ID293
aw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. I t
qa f carqe sxgl udnnxng fwqblf dn a hzrt gwnq. q t
ID294
ook one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the l
ooh oni of tlg pnodmw zlubr whapj harco twoy the u
ID295
onger one. We slowly snuck up behind the seal unti
ingor ene. iy sluwzy ncncj ou behijd tve oeal ezti
ID296
l we were close enough to club it over its head. T
l we wtul clqbe onotgo mr zlcb pw olrn its ieof. n
ID297
he seal slumped over and died. This seal would hel
ib sazl sluypeg oqnr apd dxsf. Tuiw oeef wvcln hql
ID298
p us survive. We could eat the meat and fat. The f
v us mdrvwne. Wg coqmf elt hae wehf gkd rtt. Tce i
ID299
at could be burned in a shell for light and the fu
at coqld ye byinad up a nhpqk qzr rioht knd tad nu
ID300
r could be used to make a blanket. We declared our
r csusd be ujrf to make d zeandor. Wp yecxlxed our
ID301
 first day of hunting a great success. She asked t
 qtrfr dhv of cvnpiny a grelt suicbss. xna asqem c
ID302
he question even though she didn't really want to 
ov qmesiivn evli tjoscd aze dkwz'v lwalll wjny so 
ID303
hear the answer. It was a no-win situation since s
heqr tme yaswrr. Ih wac q no-xif aifuhbihn skedb s
ID304
he already knew. If he told the truth, she'd get c
hb czjeadw kndw. Iz tb dold tnb tdcth, mhe'm ghv c
ID305
onfirmation of her worst fears. If he lied, she'd 
onfvrmagioi kf her jqrst fexrr. gb er lrud, soi'd 
ID306
know that he wasn't who she thought he was which w
knfd that he tasn't wbo sne woiught ha wan fdift r
ID307
ould be almost as bad. Yet she asked the question 
onlt be slmosf qs fad. Yot ohe aswja the quextiov 
ID308
anyway and waited for his answer. The red line mov
anywav rnd cakudd xoo ojs answeo. phe res lthe qov
ID309
ed across the page. With each millimeter it advanc
el boktsz tte pgge. Wipe uzoh ysklimezer ij advanc
ID310
ed forward, something changed in the room. The act
gr worlaoe, sdtlvhidg clafgdd in bwe cwpd. mhe aqt
ID311
ual change taking place was difficult to perceive,
ual nhmyge daksag piale was iiffybupt io jtxleive,
ID312
 but the change was real. The red line continued r
 pht ghr chpcgm was reok. ove ded lboe conzhnrdd r
ID313
elentlessly across the page and the room would nev
plentqpsyxl ajaoms tmf paxe wdd tfe iocp gawlc fgc
ID314
er be the same. The box sat on the desk next to th
ex qe chb saje. Tbh bdx sdn oy tme oejx neqt ih jh
ID315
e computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and 
l corpuner. It had frriczi qarlibr rp tle dae and 
ID316
business had interrupted her opening it earlier. S
kacinhss had isberrubced hqr opensng iz egrzier. z
ID317
he didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who
gk diee'u wud hak sent bt aws xjrsfmi wonbeahx bzo
ID318
 it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, sh
 im mjeut havy bere. Ac she betaj ao noorap hx, ff
ID319
e had no idea that opening it would completely cha
e kai qt imeg phah zpering ia woqls gojplqbely crr
ID320
nge her life. "Explain to me again why I shouldn't
ege qqj lfhf. "lxpspic jo me vdaqn whq z jmoulpd't
ID321
 cheat?" he asked. "All the others do and nobody e
 cheat?" en dsked. "ull vhe rtnpbs in avd njbqdi p
ID322
ver gets punished for doing so. I should go about 
vel hxgs xunishnd bir ismno vr. n hhoutd go zbozt 
ID323
being happy losing to cheaters because I know that
blmzp srjpw ltsing kh dhxateep jrkause I rnew tdct
ID324
 I don't? That's what you're telling me?" One can 
 p cqn't? yjni'd shnt moh'ie qelting xe?" Onm sow 
ID325
cook on and with an open fire. These are some of t
mook on aid jite an ouxn fyre. Thesb lre somc of t
ID326
he ways to cook with fire outside. Cooking meat us
hj bays to coht wits fhre vuzsidf. Chonibg veat us
ID327
ing a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. In 
ibd a spit is a lxeat ffq to eyenry cxou mvqe. bo 
ID328
order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slow
orzeq tw vedq geau from bkrnyzj, ik's bpsc to iqyw
ID329
ly rotate it. Hot stones can be used to toast brea
ly fkuaue ik. Hbe stonhs can sp ussd ko tsasu mqra
ID330
d. Coals are hot and can bring things to a boil qu
i. Cwcls hwi hot and cap bwznz tyivqs yo m botb qt
ID331
ickly. If one is very adventurous, one can make a 
ickls. zb usq iz vzry adaeatoaodk, ovo csn mimy b 
ID332
hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place f
ujie on thd nrounr, fivl im wieh caeks ahl pkych f
ID333
oil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the c
qic-chqziqn mpat, eeyciem, wyd prxatles znby fce a
ID334
oals, and cover all of it with dirt. In a short pe
hwrz, vnf ctrio all ob pc wich hwrt. sn e scobs pe
ID335
riod of time, the food will be baked. Campfire coo
iiop zf jdml, vie geoz uijl be bakys. Cbmpkpre cvo
ID336
king can be done in many ways. It was a concerning
jfng zax bg zohe ln mano wayk. It kap a cirqewnang
ID337
 development that he couldn't get out of his mind.
 hexefopwent qhda he qnnldn'p gma oui oo piq vznd.
ID338
 He'd had many friends throughout his early years 
 vl'g wad mwmx fpbebbs ahunuhhowt cig ecrzz rxaoa 
ID339
and had fond memories of playing with them, but he
and hae fozd memosieh yf mlxyjng xigt whxj, bcg xe
ID340
 couldn't understand how it had all stopped. There
 couljn'g uneerbtani hon ih hud all sjoppvd. fhpre
ID341
 was some point as he grew up that he played with 
 wec sdle piiii as se ggew wp yraw he plcyed wlvh 
ID342
each of his friends for the very last time, and he
efch oj yis fmmynds udr thm vnko iasu aime, aqk jn
ID343
 had no idea that it would be the last. The box sa
 hgd no idca nhat zt would qr tvm past. The omx sa
ID344
t on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived
s vh gre djdk rext kh vhe xomptkeq. Ig btd arbbved
ID345
 earlier in the day and business had interrupted h
 zdjoiet iq thy bdy and bjebngph had intetvudned h
ID346
er opening it earlier. She didn't who had sent it 
er dpyairs pg farlyed. Shu qaeb'd ohw izd ktnt it 
ID347
and briefly wondered who it might have been. As sh
and orkevly wozmertx jto it mdwhv oavz hdej. As sq
ID348
e began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening
e brgfn to unwryp al, sxe hln qy idea tham bpeuenm
ID349
 it would completely change her life. It really sh
 it wpgld coupoftapy chqngg tur etku. In yeaxzy sn
ID350
ouldn't have mattered to Betty. That's what she ke
ouldn'y haxt hitteltg zt actty. Tnat'p kdag fhk ki
ID351
pt trying to convince herself even if she knew it 
st mryivg go conxincr aersykf evxn eh msh kqef ie 
ID352
mattered to Betty more than practically anything e
mpkvgbsd sz Bethv msrt thqn pbacmicvlxy hnuyhknd e
ID353
lse. Why was she trying to convince herself otherw
xye. Why whs zpe olyzng mo covvizoe harselw otierw
ID354
ise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's do
fsh? ds sqz stgcbpd forcsjd ec kbohk or mtqty'r dv
ID355
or, she still didn't have a convincing answer to t
ls, eie smpll dikn'f favv a cwnqinnjng axswdh xk t
ID356
his question that she'd been asking herself for mo
qas suestson that kwe'd bryn ahking hqrskkf swg fo
ID357
re than two years now. He heard the crack echo in 
re tfap two jocnr fxe. dg bnsou the cisfo ycao in 
ID358
the late afternoon about a mile away. His heart st
fhe latz aftexnodn adzuv r miye abay. ijg yearp st
ID359
arted racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "It
brmed racbmg vcl he grmwen kndr p gull spmint. "dt
ID360
 wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeat
 oasa'c n gunuhxb, io wpsh'v a gspgstt," ds refxnm
ID361
ed under his breathlessness as he continued to spr
pd unqeh wjs lreauhlbhvmpnf hs qe csnqinged ix rpr
ID362
int. April seriously wondered about her sleeping p
qac. Atjwl seoyouxjv vondered adout ber slecpbnm p
ID363
artner choices. She looked at her bed and what a m
arlnpr ceoichs. Sce lstzed au hei bwf ano wxat k f
ID364
ess it had become. How did she get to the point in
esa lw zmx jecoyt. Hmw xid sri jeo to tpe zosnt in
ID365
 her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and 
 her lgvc jaete lxc had tgo dtfi, jrrix laez, and 
ID366
a raccoon sleeping with her every night? "What is 
a hacqzoe sleexing zhnq hdr qkery msmpt? "ahqt is 
ID367
the best way to get what you want?" she asked. He 
tii kgsc fam to gwv wfak klu whtt?" she ltgnd. Hu 
ID368
looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn'
voxcef xhon wt thr olozud knovwgg pram rte waugjn'
ID369
t like his answer. He hesitated, knowing that the 
b tikw qir vnuwls. He hzsijyted, vntwiqg tqat phe 
ID370
truth would only hurt. How was he going to tell he
trhtk wpuld only hirm. How noz px icing tl ubul jj
ID371
r that the best way for him to get what he wanted 
r lhnj bhc bcst kae foy kim mh get wwyt ch waeted 
ID372
was to leave her? I checked in for the night at Ou
was tz lchve her? I checkei in oor toe ijfht ay Ol
ID373
t O The Way motel. What a bad choice that was. Fir
t O the Wmj zojrl. ybat a xad cjoece umvt iaf. Fin
ID374
st I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the
sf I took a syxeer and n spkped cpawbhd cut xf jze
ID375
 drain. Next, the towel rack fell down when I reac
 drfiy. Neat, thr nzwel gack uetw dowq when I weac
ID376
hed for the one small bath towel. This allowed the
oak fok usj obe smplo ttth tohel. This acaowew efe
ID377
 towel to fall halfway into the toilet. I tried to
 xllel tq fxgl aacfuls ixtj the tgvlyt. y yrieh tc
ID378
 watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky 
 wjtdv i muxik, buz the xmpoxo udntrsl was scibjp 
ID379
and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels. 
ani wduncnow qtoo scclnling throuph txe iwannnls. 
ID380
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed. I st
I xauy uw for tae nigjr ang ezawboq fetp ped. I su
ID381
retched out my leg and felt something furry by my 
svfcued ouf my mag and fybt yonevhing fpcrv by my 
ID382
foot. Filled with fear, I reached down and to my s
foot. Ficgnd vith fiar, I rezched zxwn dxd to my s
ID383
urprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of under
jwzrxse, I hiwlsg oht c racjhon vkto paix oy puxnr
ID384
wear. After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive
welr. fster mr ilqtial hellof dsal df nuqn’f anivt
ID385
, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing rac
, tzq iwags of g frw, uglz yuqgnqasman wxkrpuu gax
ID386
coon skin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out of 
coog sqwn brmyul splled my mriiw. I mucpne out oa 
ID387
the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and spri
she bed, whrpx bv wmoxhbrukh into jy xag, zxf spet
ID388
nted towards my car. Dave found joy in the daily r
nwcd sobmdor wy car. Daib fquxd boe ii ihe daihy g
ID389
outine of life. He awoke at the same time, ate the
mqttnj ov xifz. He aqoks at sre scjf timg, aua sje
ID390
 same breakfast and drove the same commute. He wor
 rakh brackqobt eah dloov qlw ycmf cocpwte. Hr wur
ID391
ked at a job that never seemed to change and he go
ken to b soz yhaf mqoes feympd nn shende and ue gd
ID392
t home at 6 pm sharp every night. It was who he ha
t nous st 6 pn susrp etery rigit. wr was who ix ta
ID393
d been for the last ten years and he had no idea t
d rguq kvj tqh lmbt tef yeacs hhd he haa ju odya d
ID394
hat was all about to change. The song came from th
uat wad kuy ayjpj yd wlanie. ohe sonv cajb fror tk
ID395
e bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's 
e hathreel bxlbiog over ttf sderh oc the hhowee's 
ID396
running water. It was the same way each day began 
rucninf watdv. gt iks the lame hcy exns yoy begrn 
ID397
since he could remember. It listened intently and 
tijbi am coufd wdmenbxr. at gtjtxned angennle fre 
ID398
concluded that the singing today was as terrible a
goqcluhzo thas tje singxug vodly was xj tewiibme o
ID399
s it had ever been. At that moment, she realized t
h gw had ovor zexn. At thlh xomrsi, bmp avslijed t
ID400
hat she had created her current life. It wasn't th
hft shh qad cleahed lhn furrjgt life. Ij waev't pd
ID401
e life she wanted, but she took responsibility for
i lifg dhe wvnmer, but swe toyv respoxyibilgfy for
ID402
 how it currently stood. Something clicked and she
 hoo if vurrmntld ptwod. Somethuzg clicled dnd ssz
ID403
 saw that every choice she made to this point in h
 sdg ohnu cvikc choobe hql ftgz ta tlip point in a
ID404
er life had led to where her life stood at this ve
er life had lef tb ieore hes lsgg srhop hd this lp
ID405
ry moment even if she knew this wasn't where she w
cy mffept evnn ir izo knew nhui kasn't whsre swe j
ID406
anted to be. She determined to choose to change it
pvivh vo ye. ghe uethrohckb eo chkoze to caangd iw
ID407
. He scolded himself for being so tentative. He kn
. Hs lcylced hcpfeef fab rcrlh xo ninxbtrvn. xm kn
ID408
ew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a si
xl ae shuuedf't rk so oaviilde, ywu thepv wqe c si
ID409
xth sense telling him that things weren't exactly 
xth sckse tenlizl ufk thzt thiogs cerez't eaastdy 
ID410
as they appeared. It was that weird chill that rol
aw tczy xppuajed. Ik was thbt wzhrs jnulu jear rol
ID411
ls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. H
li up yuss neck acd mpkes tkd rair ftsnk qn qgv. h
ID412
e knew that being so tentative could end up costin
e ktep thaw ydihg sv demtamiqe cmuyc lno up ccsgqn
ID413
g him the job, but he learned that listening to hi
d cim tzb lob, bod hi bearuvd ihay ptsmkpldc uo hi
ID414
s sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a
u kiolh seuse lbualhw nept him fmex qrttipg into a
ID415
 lot of trouble. They had always called it the gre
 lot of znkubme. yhey had acwayb cfxrka ir thl grm
ID416
en river. It made sense. The river was green. The 
en zitpy. rm ibde lsnfe. Thb rffer wns wreev. nse 
ID417
river likely had a different official name, but to
revir likelh hld o aivferhnt odfictag namq, but tp
ID418
 everyone in town, it was and had always been the 
 exeyydhe in tnwn, iz tas and vad afwrls keek tau 
ID419
green river. So it was with great surprise that on
gdeen qxvfr. po ja wks witj njfar amapgisf xhat or
ID420
 this day the green river was a fluorescent pink. 
 tkis dgy tle lremg rigtr xcs a fkuooesdunt ewnk. 
ID421
He had three simple rules by which he lived. The f
He aad zhrbe simple juies ey qhicb he lived. The i
ID422
irst was to never eat blue food. There was nothing
whet wau to nevex eqh blco gykd. Tievx raa nothwng
ID423
 in nature that was edible that was blue. People o
 rn natumr qgad yxo aoinmq xvat wkp llhw. Pesple o
ID424
ften asked about blueberries, but everyone knows t
ateb hoked aladt blueiyrriev, buo evedyrne lqows t
ID425
hose are actually purple. He understood it was one
hose tae vunuallu putpee. He ulderwrqoe he wal xne
ID426
 of the stranger rules to live by, but it had serv
 of upe strjrgtd xuach oo qiva bw, but at ymd hyfd
ID427
ed him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life.
ee gtu wuzl tnui far iq tee 50+ ryart vf hyy ygck.
ID428
 The young man wanted a role model. He looked long
 The msung man janjnd x pije mrdwk. He oookgd loif
ID429
 and hard in his youth, but that role model never 
 aad radd jn his yoadh, kum ihwm prle mvdea teqxr 
ID430
materialized. His only choice was to embrace all t
xptrcighizsr. Hig xnvv nhsice ias hb ezbrace all j
ID431
he people in his life he didn't want to be like. S
he reowll xn yno ccfc ki dvwr't taqz qx fw like. S
ID432
he had been an angel for coming up on 10 years and
ue hqd umfb ak oqopl frd yooing lv on 10 aqars znp
ID433
 in all that time nobody had told her this was pos
 hb apx thjv viry eogxgq vcd rogy her tpan jah pwz
ID434
sible. The fact that it could ever happen never ev
sibte. The jkkt thai gt couwv gdtu happsb never eb
ID435
en entered her mind. Yet there she stood, with the
jn ejjgrrx wsr mimd. get bnege yhh xpfcd, wath tbl
ID436
 undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before 
 usdisiable jvikelcb sittvng ze yhe qrovnd aefkph 
ID437
her. Angels could lose their wings. Where do they 
her. mruelm jouxp losk qwemk wmngs. Wxenf wo tmez 
ID438
get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked
pem f stndom parygwaht?" he jcydxrli as si comcoen
ID439
 the generate button. Do they just write a random 
 nxu genpnvpl huxzon. De qhvl cubt wrivk b rasdol 
ID440
paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that mom
pasvgrehh sr dc thbr gey uf soelwanrp? An hcap mou
ID441
ent he read the random paragraph and realized it w
enx hv raaz tcq rkwzor plyaclfil agd xktiigwe it u
ID442
as about random paragraphs and his world would nev
as abtut onjdkm knvfgrazhs and hfs murmd oinby nev
ID443
er be the same. Patrick didn't want to go. The fac
gr kz thw kame. Pztrifk cidn't namt te fo. bsr ipc
ID444
t that she was insisting they must go made him wan
t that she web ineensing tbey nust fo mpfe tix atl
ID445
t to go even less. He had no desire to make small 
i po em eeen lese. ip had yo dhsizy tq kjbd smtll 
ID446
talk with strangers he would never again see just 
iaup wiup bprangers hg howla hever amqcn aze jusk 
ID447
to be polite. But she insisted that Patrick go, an
lo bw lolile. But sje itqvstvd ehyt Patkiuk so, az
ID448
d she would soon find out that this would be the b
j phe fburd sodn uand ost thvl mhdq roulx ue tho i
ID449
iggest mistake she could make in their relationshi
igwett mismfje ebf cmuaj yakc in vizwr regatiohfni
ID450
p. He looked at the sand. Picking up a handful, he
r. le oookoj ah the sald. Peckifg up a vnndfuz, he
ID451
 wondered how many grains were in his hand. Hundre
 wodfeixe xow mjnr orawcf weye if hzs zanm. Hundko
ID452
ds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his 
dl of laoumandc? "iot encugx," thi sgib wnkej rip 
ID453
breath. I need more. They had no proof. He knew th
wlkfmh. I vlef woye. Tiey had do hinoe. He mnee om
ID454
at they knew he had done it but they didn't have a
qf tyef knvw hu hyt dokp if euh jsev dipn'e zavj f
ID455
ny proof. It was a huge distinction and it was the
cy grozc. Ic wms q jvge oastbnmgibg nfd xv jao thc
ID456
 difference between him keeping his freedom or bei
 lifeerenye betwnea hiq knepink hws gspgdom wr vei
ID457
ng locked away for decades. They continued to ques
ng lokmef aeab vwx beoaqes. gpbj combinufd jo qqea
ID458
tion him, probing him for information that they co
yign zil, probwrr dmm qqs ixmsukmtmon thay rhby bo
ID459
uld use against him or find the proof they needed 
uld zse cnainut aif or xiod tyf ldoog they nhdgzd 
ID460
to put him away. He smiled and continued to block 
pw npa rim owyy. ee emyheu ass fwitnsqed ts flogk 
ID461
their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for 
yhefc aneqy hxduiry by feipnmig hvd ixwocenke col 
ID462
a crime they all knew he committed. Her hand was b
t chiqe nhez dlw xonw hm goxtittcg. Her brhf was b
ID463
alled into a fist with her keys protruding out fro
aodtd rato a fekd epmz her kejs prvtrloyzg ffl fro
ID464
m between her fingers. This was the weapon her fat
a betpabj mjr pinjers. nhin wad ule weapan anv fzt
ID465
her had shown her how to make when she walked alon
wer hcm vhmjn vur eol tx takw erco xhc packpf alon
ID466
e to her car after work. She wished that she had s
e to mer cae after mozd. Shg vifrtt ekpt lhu wff e
ID467
omething a little more potent than keys between he
pmethixa j iiatld oose pxtnts fhan wayu bejwkev rs
ID468
r fingers. It would have been nice to have some ma
k fiskprs. kt wouud hade bqyn vzju dt hane soze ev
ID469
ce or pepper spray. He had been meaning to buy som
ce oi pvqhew spoks. le hsd been mttcong tr bue bot
ID470
e but had never gotten around to it. As the mother
t fut ndd nsvns jhtzer duound lo uc. As thc nwtixr
ID471
 bear took another step forward with her cubs in t
 pmam thbz rnxtoer grkf elruplk winh zer kiis pn b
ID472
ow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be
ow, sye knew her fest sibr keys wlen'u tfing lr ue
ID473
 an adequate defense for this situation. You're go
 ho fdunuate dbfqnse fmr mhis lotwwtiwi. guu're zo
ID474
ing to make a choice today that will have a direct
bhp to voee a cgorcd ujcff thwt enlq mavb a disecm
ID475
 impact on where you are five years from now. The 
 hmpxct xq wzuiz ynu ark vrfc usars itqr nqw. Tap 
ID476
truth is, you'll make choice like that every day o
truoh ig, abm'ol zaqe cxiice lmue tbpg xvucc dak l
ID477
f your life. The problem is that on most days, you
f yzam liqd. jbe vroblax iw seat on ryss days, ypq
ID478
 won't know the choice you make will have such a h
 woo't knew the chjici coy iaei owol gade sjck a h
ID479
uge impact on your life in the future. So if you w
jge empact on xguz cifv in tsv fatxre. vo ef yog w
ID480
ant to end up in a certain place in the future, yo
rpt wl fnc ep if t bqrtaif nuact kn tse fctcrr, yo
ID481
u need to be careful of the choices you make today
l need tm oe carpfuy ha yke jnjucew you hakx tghiy
ID482
. He wondered if he should disclose the truth to h
. He fixdishd ik he sllbjd disclhwl the tbush uo p
ID483
is friends. It would be a risky move. Yes, the tru
is xruyhad. lt psumu fl a fisfy zove. mes, tce gru
ID484
th would make things a lot easier if they all stay
th rould makm xhfygs u lot elfipr if togr all ztqy
ID485
ed on the same page, but the truth might fracture 
fd yn thd sabe tage, bgu tqt wzhth qighg faicturm 
ID486
the group leaving everything in even more of a mes
tna grouy lercing evedptoils mn ekel noro of a jps
ID487
s than it was not telling the truth. It was time t
s tsae it was nfa telldnm tsd trfth. je wdw timq z
ID488
o decide which way to go. Patricia's friend who wa
g pecbie whick vvy tp am. Pftrecid's frigsd whe wq
ID489
s here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn'
m keae hjrqwy wad jnu igvmns ae odu, wux xob saac'
ID490
t telling the truth. Yesterday, before she left to
t jeeljng tht tmusj. Yesbaydvy, nsnome ghe boyn tl
ID491
 go home, she heard that her husband is in the hos
 gj hcme, sre heard flat hwr husband in in xyv hos
ID492
pital and pretended to be surprised. It later came
pioll and paaxvmflr ne bx snjgtiwsd. qt latng daue
ID493
 out that she was the person who had put him there
 oea kost qgy nal the ptrshg whe dad put hqm mherw
ID494
. Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill
. Dlve iltched as thn vjnekl murned uz qn toe yxll
ID495
, only a few miles from her house. The car had bee
, vnie k faw tilts fvim hen hpusu. ube xvr oad bep
ID496
n hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to ro
q hastigb kzckem ayh Maaca cas ikxzdj tgcnfn ti ho
ID497
und up the last of the pets. Dave went through his
end up eae lxwt oq tdz peha. pave wone ztpoxzh lbs
ID498
 mental list of the most important papers and docu
 meital oyst of cqe moat imkortant phpfrs ynd dmcu
ID499
ments that they couldn't leave behind. He scolded 
mejpf hhhb thed clulfp'f leogc beqinx. He sjpwner 
ID500
himself for not having prepared these better in ad
oiqknmt for nsf harlng prepayyg tmbse batlgz in ms
ID501
vance and hoped that he had remembered everything 
voncf knn howev thar yo han ycmemkered eukrytninw 
ID502
that was needed. He continued to wait for Marta to
thkh mas ceejfh. He cxntinfed tj otjz for sertu to
ID503
 appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere t
 apioga wwsh she sens, buu jhe stile wzs nosjexs t
ID504
o be seen. Mary had to make a decision and she kne
o be sezn. Mrrk ckd do mvxo a dugisaln ang sgv kie
ID505
w that whatever decision she made, it would upset 
w otaf wkbteveu bqbissov lhs midy, bt dould rcsvt 
ID506
someone. It seemed like such a silly reason for pe
somevle. It ageged lqke spuh r ssfzy ceicvn sor pe
ID507
ople to get upset but she knew the minute that she
qalf to gor upgvt but tue keew the piwhto tjgt hhe
ID508
 began to consider doing it that there was no way 
 bigan to contpdem noong qe tbpt there wao rx ofy 
ID509
everyone in her life would be pleased with what sh
yferyomc hy hfa aife woule rp plezfed wgth wlab kf
ID510
e ultimately decided to do. It was simply a questi
e ulhtmaaclf detidvm to dj. lz wah fibplq s vrpsni
ID511
on of who she would rather displease most. While t
om od wqn cwt wcrlo rmxhlr aispleayd mhvt. jhxuh w
ID512
his had always been her parents, and especially he
hds rat alwtyx beek hek iarejts, ayd evpecihuof ij
ID513
r mom, in the past that she tried to keep from ups
w fos, io tge past thau sht trded to rsep kfol uxu
ID514
etting, she decided that this time the person she 
stning, dhn dyicyed tler this qhme tae jvrsoe mch 
ID515
was going to please the most with her decision was
nas riung so ileaav ifx ghsx nith hei deaisimz was
ID516
 herself. Then came the night of the first falling
 hevpvlf. Thez tade jhv nigbt ta tdh fqrsk falriyg
ID517
 star. It was seen early in the morning, rushing o
 xaar. Ij wgh qmhy jkrlx in wpw momkiyi, fumuang w
ID518
ver Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in t
fzo Wqsczbstmr igqtdkrd, e lrne tf jlamo hiyh sn w
ID519
he atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and take
hc qjxvscrere. awwupexw just haue lcyq it ank taue
ID520
n it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed that 
a it fop an irnzvahx zalbikg ttar. It oeemed yhvp 
ID521
it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of h
jv fels xo eapof abtut zye hbnhrem mibex onsq cw f
ID522
im. What if dogs were racist? Would they care abou
im. Whxt iy drqs bcre xaqhyu? anqld lvua care aaou
ID523
t fur color….. “son, only play with other tan dogs
q oun kyzorr.. ksos, vkse qlaa wime yyher tac sovs
ID524
”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only
z? vr mwybe it boosp tepwsd hn breed, ktqney, oply
ID525
 play with other German Shepards, never poodles”. 
 blny wjtq teheb gnkcfn ohepapkq, nzkmr poodlep”. 
ID526
Better yet it could depend on occupation. “I’m a s
uettof yyp is ciuld ubivdv fn oycfptsioq. “Ire w d
ID527
led dog while you’re only a running companion, lea
ked dty mmiha yzu’ve olly k sqloicg lcmpansfn, les
ID528
ve me alone”. Maybe the neighborhood they live in 
cc mt alocdx. Mlyne obe zedthbxaeecd they live in 
ID529
could be the way they choose which dogs to associa
dzulp zj thb wsy ther thoosk wtnph dork bg assomiy
ID530
te with and which to shun? Size could be the deter
te lith and wzicd sc sbuy? Spnp rculd be zhe dptet
ID531
mining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are
xzjinv factnm, zehe hdw twlx shat dog vs, thmy xrg
ID532
 probably dumb”. Luckily dogs don’t discriminate. 
 pfaktbly duohp. mackils nycx donrb dbmcsijknrve. 
ID533
Just watch at a dog park. Big black and white dogs
Just watca at e dov aark. dic beaes zne whbte swgz
ID534
 wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. A se
 wog tpgij hdvls ond dlty wrtl tihz eaf dpgs. u iu
ID535
rvice dog chases after the same ball as the off-du
rvlcp ryp thases aater cme eame xalx ah ttf qff-du
ID536
ty police dog. So if dogs don’t discriminate then 
tf gyltfj qig. co iq dgxs doz’m djybrmxfnzbk then 
ID537
why do we? She was in a hurry. Not the standard hu
zhy dd ww? Shs ezg in r wursy. Not the senndari hu
ID538
rry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a 
bry lnen you'ra on a ruvh tb get simdelclp, but a 
ID539
frantic hurry. The type of hurry where a few secon
mrqnuwc hurny. fhy tnnt rf hugwy pefre a feh smjod
ID540
ds could mean life or death. She raced down the ro
ds clulw ueas lioe or seuuh. mhd ryced dwhu the ro
ID541
ad ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars.
ad igyokfne shkup timevs and tebvime kedoneq sars.
ID542
 She was only a few minutes away when traffic came
 She was only f hew bxnuteo awda wbkn bravrih cypg
ID543
 to a dead standstill on the road ahead. I inadver
 gu a leat csaywsbuhl sn tcq emqd ahead. w nnadxer
ID544
tently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the
vgntli gfnt la Sha's Cexdy yirt weer (I waa di tbe
ID545
 mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns o
 malc gosking fhr lnone rscair), ahd bv it turnw w
ID546
ut, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dol
ft, Stn'm Caqvs qew ctarcqs a vflszr -- h selt dod
ID547
lar -- for even the simplest of their wee confecti
lab -- uxr wvej dde simsuest on bkfiv wee psnfkwai
ID548
on offerings. I bought two chocolate lollipops and
qx ofjttrwxs. I bqugcv bgo chkcqlatk zoslipoca mzm
ID549
 two chocolate-caramel-almond things. The total co
 tno ctrcolaue-raromef-almopd trwngx. Tcz mouay rd
ID550
st was four-something. I mean, the candies were ta
sz eas foeh-sygething. b mehh, tne cdndpss weqe ta
ID551
sty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is 
itj ccg mlu, but ljt'n nw wcef: A Ssgckenn ber is 
ID552
fifty cents. After this dollar-per-candy revelatio
dpfky tetms. qftgr this moodin-nhr-mpndy lgoerqtso
ID553
n, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back i
y, I mty itm fixd aeselv gnnwerinl dfeaqigy bkpk l
ID554
nto a See's Candy any time soon. He took a sip of 
hty o Sdt's Camam anz zipa jipy. ae xceo p sip or 
ID555
the drink. He wasn't sure whether he liked it or n
tke krbnk. Ht waen'v ezrn wqohhpr he lwjid it ur n
ID556
ot, but at this moment it didn't matter. She had m
ct, bzt lp ghis mimiao jz ligo'f maareu. vhp had m
ID557
ade it especially for him so he would have forced 
ade qv gxykcialby ftr qcg gw ye fbuly have jopchf 
ID558
it down even if he had absolutely hated it. That's
it dder whqe sg he han axstwutekn kaekj ws. Tvat's
ID559
 simply the way things worked. She made him a new-
 ozgply dce jay thingi merdef. the mqae qau a gcc-
ID560
fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and
fanglma drigv ehcu nvn and hw ttte a shv bd iy nnd
ID561
 smiled, saying it was excellent. It was difficult
 sgiked, weyinh ie wab lxceqeent. It piq dbfftmulc
ID562
 to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain d
 lo exclciq mx thrr hxw tie dimlmosit ff mertbhk u
ID563
eath had actually given him life. While everyone a
yafh had ywcstecp jxvdn hgm llfe. Whkle vugunode j
ID564
round him was in tears and upset, he actually felt
wound ehm woi kr teaus uod raprt, re aqtuaclg felq
ID565
 more at ease. The doctor said it would be less th
 rvib vt ngrp. Thq wdctqr gyid cz krylb be wesp eh
ID566
an a year. That gave him a year to live, something
aa e yxar. Tzat ghve him a rpde yo love, iomegvong
ID567
 he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a ro
 ue'd fhiled vb do sith hin dbbly arnccxrm kr a qf
ID568
utine that had passed as life until then. All he c
stdne fuvd hyd pakskd ds life vezgy tcln. Alg qe t
ID569
ould think about was how it would all end. There w
oyao nhitu abouy waf oou qo wouwd wlc eld. There k
ID570
as still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but
jp knhll l but gf unczrvainty gx ssg dquavzxn, bue
ID571
 the basics were there for anyone to see. No matte
 tue hasicu zcrl thxvg xmr ynyoge tv kke. No hatoe
ID572
r how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't
r how mevh oa tvipw tk fel tix loxdtive, ut wwtn't
ID573
 anywhere to be seen. The end was coming and it wa
 aitwyurq to be seea. Tte qma waz uopang her in ei
ID574
sn't going to be pretty. One foot in front of the 
wn't joktg ty de prepty. One flot be zhrnt xb zod 
ID575
other, One more step, and then one more. Jack's on
fqhex, Oqt molz ltkj, dnp qhxq oye ufqe. taaa'v on
ID576
ly thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much
ld ahoubtin winz to khep mxvosz lo meteed hsw oect
ID577
 his body screamed to stop and rest. He's lost alm
 his eodq qciecmtb ts qeor anq rcyw. ye'e last ale
ID578
ost all his energy and his entire body ached beyon
fwm all hiv eneygq anh yfs qnskan bohf fcmyd xeson
ID579
d belief, but he forced himself to take another st
e kelcef, bbt he foncet mimmtxc eo take hjeahoo nt
ID580
ep. Then another. And then one more. According to 
kq. Tqen anotwxc. Anj tiez one jorb. Aocoqdbuo go 
ID581
the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Mul
mce cgemios tn tve choeve myrkeu rlacei bn vhj uus
ID582
tnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Re
tiohaw qpypmer ia nhe uatghncre oj tle Avlymcyn cx
ID583
volution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the o
fgwvyion lm wav 12, 1939, “auonegn Huhl (ip) tjy o
ID584
ldest building in continuous use for Educational p
vdesf ruildinw if qontjnuous eoq fos mmuvatkoahl p
ID585
urposes west of the Rocky Mountains. Here were edu
ddzdves wlst ra gce boekh gouqnaiqf. Hsre were edu
ID586
cated men and women who have won recognition throu
iatjd men ano womno wfo hdve wor bvimvyitiin tyflz
ID587
ghout the world in all the learned professions.” S
ghuut the woilv is ins tmb nearnvd ppolisjhdnj.j S
ID588
ometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. 
pmuthues ip'j twmply wetnar tk ggmqre bhe rpbeek. 
ID589
That's the lesson that Tom's dad had been trying t
zjft's gqe lssnon that fom's dkd ysd bkpn toyiyf t
ID590
o teach him, but Tom still couldn't let it go. He 
b zeagb mig, xgt Tdu nlill cobldn't llt ih zo. Hx 
ID591
latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let 
fxtdhed ontm tram pnk bdeyr xosf ahd copldf'h lur 
ID592
it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healt
pt to, but me aldr hdaliokd trat tzis dasn't heaqt
ID593
hy. That's when he came up with his devious plan. 
hy. Thxt'g refn hp jije va wutg her gfhipus plac. 
ID594
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it,
lp laulam'h romexfer eraztap hherc up hzd ijad it,
ID595
 but he was sure that he had. The fact that she di
 iaq we wzt fuve that rr had. Tzl figd tvat shc di
ID596
dn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began
kn'y belizvl hdm gwt eubto hrustrwkxhg sk ve hrgnn
ID597
 to search the Internet to find the article. It wa
 th wefnch tle zotehnot tl ficd dcf aztwyle. It za
ID598
sn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
yn's zs zf io has vbvetqijs that rejmed iaconxibke
ID599
. Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whe
. Ybt ghl injifser on alyais seesig tho dkmrcb wha
ID600
never he stated a fact. Betty was a creature of ha
njner hz otwtnq q fajt. Befty das a gteatykp of ha
ID601
bit and she thought she liked it that way. That wa
rgt and svo toomghn yhe liked lo uhpt wly. That ft
ID602
s until Dave showed up in her life. She now had a 
p ujtlz uqvl hoowex sp in hkb fkke. the baw rad a 
ID603
choice to make and it would determine whether her 
cmohce vo lfge pnm ft klcdd deterxine wzytyer ker 
ID604
lie remained the same or if it would change foreve
aie remaiyjv the vfue cr xw it wkutm cbgnge hodewe
ID605
r. She nervously peered over the edge. She underst
r. mze decoiusly slerad ovtr tcx ctje. Sje ywdeosq
ID606
ood in her mind that the view was supposed to be b
cob en lur mfnd tfat tuz vfev fbs lunbohey dk be e
ID607
eautiful, but all she felt was fear. There had alw
eagcxfuo, bst ani ste felg lns yvsr. ohvxf had jsh
ID608
ays been something about heights that disturbed he
ays mfen pomathing abuuc hefghts twct dasjuhugw ie
ID609
r, and now she could feel the full force of this u
r, qia wow yhm ckibb ftel dhi fnll tlblm oh twou u
ID610
nease. She reluctantly crept a little closer with 
necse. Shh vejuciactty lvekt d pittlx flcfnr nith 
ID611
the encouragement of her friends as the fear conti
tke enxoorbnmmenj in htr fnpnzls rs dgy jelr conti
ID612
nued to build. She couldn't help but feel that som
nveg tl kywlm. Sqe wouldn's hglo bct ietl ohat som
ID613
ething horrible was about to happen. Balloons are 
bvhidt hozricln wns eaoit mn hafpii. Belltdns tbe 
ID614
pretty and come in different colors, different sha
xremxd unq cymn rn iiffereyy cclors, diffrwinw qha
ID615
pes, different sizes, and they can even adjust siz
wis, daffcsent miqqf, fnn tryy mtn evel adjxst sit
ID616
es as needed. But don't make them too big or they 
ep qs nlneud. uad dyn't tnke thvm jot big ia mjte 
ID617
might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. It'll be
nxnmq jupt cop, anq thwl ess-byx wvlloon. ej'sl nk
ID618
 gone and lost for the rest of mankind. They can s
 dgna acx lsmt foe sho rest fq jvnkgnd. rhey pja n
ID619
erve a variety of purposes, from decorating to wat
ervs v dautawn of gulpxsks, ipnv tvcoiugeng bw wdu
ID620
er balloon wars. You just have to use your head to
er kyllgoc ukls. cou zusk yavy to ksx dout xhap to
ID621
 think a little bit about what to do with them. So
 dwfnc q ligglc bit azosa ohac tw do wiea hhhm. Sn
ID622
metimes it just doesn't make sense. The man walkin
jeenmei it ousg doesn't mokc sirse. gye mal wapkin
ID623
g down the street in a banana suit. The llama stan
q dows gkf qtmjft ib i bawakp dait. ghe rqalw inan
ID624
ding in the middle of the road. The fairies dancin
qxnl va jme midgle nq tee road. yhc fiiries naqcxn
ID625
g in front of the car window. The fact that all of
g tn xwoot db kjk cfm waydwf. olr fact than pbl gf
ID626
 this was actually happening and wasn't a dream. S
 nhxs was uctialey hyfpwnzng and wass't a dueks. j
ID627
amantha wanted to be famous. The problem was that 
amwbprw wofjed to qt fajozs. oze jhoblem zas vsgm 
ID628
she had never considered all the downsides to actu
xdl hjd nevdr cotsirereq all tyh doscbides to actu
ID629
ally being famous. Had she taken the time to objec
aoly tyibg fmiouf. zad szj pqqqu tee rrme to ozfde
ID630
tively consider these downsides, she would have ne
qivjdr mopsismq khkee downssvpk, sre wiuld haje ne
ID631
ver agreed to publically sing that first song. It 
ver ugveed to fuatixalli sizw ijat firmt kocg. gt 
ID632
was their first date and she had been looking forw
vjs dheia fitst dxkv anv she had yden joopcnj hjrm
ID633
ard to it the entire week. She had her eyes on him
ard tk ce twe jnjkse kunk. Sje uag kvo ewtu on kim
ID634
 for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme 
 fkr moxzha, thy mp hfd xakin a eoukilueed sfhemu 
ID635
with several friends to make it happen, but he'd f
wexh sevrrhl frienbo vo makd sy hrdpdy, byt zu'h f
ID636
inally taken the hint and asked her out. After all
inrnac taoqj ghe yiix mjd swidd qer out. Artlr akm
ID637
 the time and effort she'd invested into it, she n
 twt time rna ptform ahy'd ikvestiz xdtf in, she a
ID638
ever thought that it would be anything but wonderf
qdej zrohgtt fqpt et sjulk be hqythimx uit wbndrwf
ID639
ul. It goes without saying that things didn't work
ll. Iq pmrs nsdyoua saeiug tqat thingx cidn't eozh
ID640
 out quite as she expected. There was a leak in th
 oeq jaise fs shc eqpdntex. Therq waj t leqk tn wk
ID641
e boat. Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody woul
e boat. fobpgy hzl yek notittf ut, awe ntbodj wety
ID642
d for the next couple of hours. This was a problem
d frr khe nexv louqle zk qzuel. vrik vws u xrorlrm
ID643
 since the boat was heading out to sea and while t
 sifce tre bpat ttt laohoug omt ta uew jrd srilr i
ID644
he leak was quite small at the moment, it would be
rm fevn wab wuite onlaw lt tce ljmecu, it goulz be
ID645
 much larger when it was ultimately discovered. Jo
 aush nkkgcs jhbw ig wwn vltimateln discowurgd. Jl
ID646
hn had planned it exactly this way. "It was so gre
hn lrt plaonep mt jriicly thva ujp. "at cds so grx
ID647
at to hear from you today and it was such weird ti
at to seqr lrgm pou today nnd ut hts skea rfiid et
ID648
ming," he said. "This is going to sound funny and 
mznf," ae macw. "Thiq is aoicd tx sqyvz qfnnc und 
ID649
a little strange, but you were in a dream I had ju
p mitfie ropasje, but zos wmat en m dpeam a hvr vu
ID650
st a couple of days ago. I'd love to get together 
qt a zouply of days mgu. I'd ztnp wu ret tonttjhx 
ID651
and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of co
and wezw yor aplox la wf foh're up fbr i cuc of bo
ID652
ffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been pla
foae," hl xoxtinued, laygng zhi trmc ts'd xedn pla
ID653
nning for years. Time is all relative based on age
akapg for koaos. Tioe is klq reldoive basgd qp agy
ID654
 and experience. When you are a child an hour is a
 ond uxpvlioirz. vqjn xop vgi a chllb vn hohn ys c
ID655
 long time to wait but a very short time when that
 long time co wdkh aut a vxrb shofm jimk xkfn phat
ID656
’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad. As a
gs fll hhe timu jdu tre alsoned xn jour pPmd. ca y
ID657
 teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you 
 heemager trca xuue gabtmm tng hsre dewsloges oox 
ID658
have and the more you procrastinate. As a young ad
eave anz ohw rore oob ivdcfjavvubtp. jz i joucz aq
ID659
ult, you think you have forever to live and don’t 
plt, wou thdnf ted xfke foxxteb ta azvr anq dofxa 
ID660
appreciate the time you spend with others. As a mi
apprfciatq tne eymo owh ypant wdtb mwttrs. xq a oi
ID661
ddle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your c
ddra-ofem airla, tipn flimh ec aw you wmtbh yovf y
ID662
hildren grow up. And finally, as you get old and y
hiidoen grml uw. anw fdballo, ec ygu ggk alv anu x
ID663
ou have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands o
ot bajw neuha reszovkivilidies and pswmu pjmahds k
ID664
n you, time slows. You appreciate each day and are
k you, timy ljowt. You rspfogiate yalh gay sna xes
ID665
 thankful you are alive. An hour is the same amoun
 alafifyj yqu fre alugp. Aa tgur is tlb zrqe hmfun
ID666
t of time for everyone yet it can feel so differen
j kt ziep aor enyrlode nek it cye fepr so kiqesjpn
ID667
t in how it goes by. There are only three ways to 
t ie how ip gses by. cdere awe only ohiee wncs yz 
ID668
make this work. The first is to let me take care o
cake tiis vxtq. jhe fixwt ec jr otg mq gmks cadi o
ID669
f everything. The second is for you to take care o
u everymhimt. Tye secgny is hor yoz to bhze ccre o
ID670
f everything. The third is to split everything 50 
f mvehzwatng. wze hhiia fi au npuww cimjatlilk 50 
ID671
/ 50. I think the last option is the most preferab
/ 50. o vhiuk thw lcst odteon is the moqs pftenwao
ID672
le, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our
lu, bki I'm chwtjii tt'lh also raan mpe tyd oa our
ID673
 marriage. There was something in the sky. What ex
 oaywiqgp. jhere was qtrniping in the sku. Whgt ex
ID674
actly was up there wasn't immediately clear. But t
adkly wll ut ohvrl kasv't iqmegzazely ksklr. Blm c
ID675
here was definitely something in the sky and it wa
hort waj aefivikely jowefshlg ir tce uxy cnq ot wz
ID676
s getting bigger and bigger. Devon couldn't figure
r getymtg bkggha and bjzceu. yqzoe cgulfn't oiauwf
ID677
 out the color of her eyes. He initially would hav
 quk tqe chlor kb hdq evss. He inkopklcb woeaz aan
ID678
e guessed that they were green, but the more he lo
c csesped lhaj trex wmye greqw, bbt fhe eoog hu xo
ID679
oked at them he almost wanted to say they were a g
omdd at umru hj almcsu oanted tt tiy they went b g
ID680
olden yellow. Then there were the flashes of red a
olymn ptilow. Tdpp tvfue wyrv ohe slashfs of eed a
ID681
nd orange that seemed to be streaked throughout th
nd lrnsgp that uxrmef tg bn pwyeiked throuvhoum rj
ID682
em. It was almost as if her eyes were made of opal
dp. It dzs clttrt ps it hey gyes wenz maee oz jtin
ID683
 with the sun constantly glinting off of them and 
 with tho sun xowmtinqlt wlafting ogf df tdei ano 
ID684
bringing out more color. They were definitely the 
tqzngino cmt mkft celir. Thiy jere dbgiuitely ngi 
ID685
most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen. To the t
mkgt ulusull cadr rf emes ge'd ewpe ieen. aw lhe t
ID686
wo friends, the treehouse was much more than a tre
xo foaendp, teq txehhpxst ljy mufx mokh whfn w rre
ID687
ehouse. It was a sanctuary away from the other kid
ahossg. It wis b slwctuary awpy bgaq jvg oturr yid
ID688
s where they could be themselves without being tea
s koqre tfcm cilgt ni thkmzeqves withdut bvxlm vim
ID689
sed or bullied. It was their secret fortress hidde
sew ib gvlliej. tt xds tbbip sxsrqu yortresh vnoku
ID690
n high in the branches of a huge oak that only the
n hegc om thp lzcectss as a hntg caa thad kddb toy
ID691
y knew existed. At least that is what they thought
t knew cxavkgd. Ad lextt thif is khax tvsu zholzha
ID692
. They were more than a little annoyed when their 
. Ttex werk roye thjb a lcfare sppobea pien opper 
ID693
two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse 
two yoenger sljtzsa hzcxdek oo hutp jhe nrinpouse 
ID694
into a princess castle by painting the inside pink
inxs a kprnvkdg kacytl lu imintikg paw oeqdde pinw
ID695
 and putting glitter everywhere. Was it enough? Th
 tnb puttirj hxitmer lqyrkwbere. lat mt kfobgt? Tl
ID696
at was the question he kept asking himself. Was be
ok waq thl qdsoryzp gl keps asqsrg hvmseli. Wub be
ID697
ing satisfied enough? He looked around him at ever
izg sctpsfied ecvugh? ls boooed arotyd hem at keeu
ID698
yone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily 
yuwe yearzing ho uusp by ckkosflei in theij zaili 
ID699
life and he had reached that goal. He knew that he
lgxc and he hfo regxhez tohn wlil. Hk kwvw ohct be
ID700
 was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to
 zxs sntisfsjd fnd pe bgsy knew kt wasy't aymno tu
ID701
 be enough. I checked in for the night at Out O Th
 ne ynough. z chctzed ij jor txz nijmw at zqx O zc
ID702
e Way motel. What a bad choice that was. First I t
n Waq dycpl. Wqst i sad choage akap fcs. ndoyj I t
ID703
ook a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
ocu a showcr aaf l fpidor ckxwlzu aut of tho grevy
ID704
. Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached fo
. Nuxo, xhq twbel tzkk renm hown bhen I rzpmhge fo
ID705
r the one small bath towel. This allowed the towel
r thf yna huala batt cbnek. Typr axlofej tht townl
ID706
 to fall halfway into the toilet. I tried to watch
 ve gpll holfwcy loto vhe tpilet. I triez ul oaace
ID707
 a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wo
 a mosie, aut def athote cnxtrlr wfs pticry kny go
ID708
uldn’t stop scrolling through the channels. I gave
aojngt wtop sqcmqlihg tzuougl tpj cuxoqeds. I gavh
ID709
 up for the night and crawled into bed. I stretche
 up wer zse dilwt nxd njgwlev itjo bed. I xtuxtkhe
ID710
d out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. 
g put my leg xtd vezt fcuxtrinr gurvy by tw oobf. 
ID711
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surpris
ziarhd gitx frab, n reayied dowu ayd co ml xefprys
ID712
e, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. 
e, I pulria okt a rfecutn skia pazq on uvdhiwean. 
ID713
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the 
Astep wx inhtiel relpeb njst iy wavn’t clive, uhe 
ID714
image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon s
imfke cf a lot, ugby yusiiassoaw jenrlng raicnon q
ID715
kin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out of the be
kik brixfs lkfseu mn drain. f frgpxv out zf rhs je
ID716
d, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted t
d, tdiew yx boophbdjyh dnbn my bps, ond spyipzed t
ID717
owards my car. Her hand was balled into a fist wit
owaodc mb caf. Hef rqnd wyf xbllos lwta a fgbt gpt
ID718
h her keys protruding out from between her fingers
v har xgyj pzksrhdenn out fliy beaceig tsr wtnwers
ID719
. This was the weapon her father had shown her how
. uhis qws tty oempcn hnr salhei xfd ypuqn hvl gow
ID720
 to make when she walked alone to her car after wo
 sd mkhe vpzn shs jaykel alhnz jo feo iaj awtxu fv
ID721
rk. She wished that she had something a little mor
hk. Sve zisied than she ypd ifmjczveg f bltple mhc
ID722
e potent than keys between her fingers. It would h
q sokmnt gocq ceyz hetteek gey rinurru. ar poctd q
ID723
ave been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. H
ave htdn pucv mv hwvm stme vslt vs serxpr voggw. H
ID724
e had been meaning to buy some but had never gotte
r jpf nfxn xelnkqg to aau solt buh had nsvyr gqttw
ID725
n around to it. As the mother bear took another st
e jrownf to it. is the mcther bewx dfdy adoeher gs
ID726
ep forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist
em xqkwzwg wath hew xwbb rn tnv, ooe kney oer fnun
ID727
 with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense 
 siit xeoz xasn't gobog tr se be azsquatg defgvse 
ID728
for this situation. They decided to find the end o
foe tyif ssouizion. Tioy lwxided dy fsnn fhe qnd j
ID729
f the rainbow. While they hoped they would find a 
a bdz hsqzbqw. ehixe thoe hgptd bgqy woulm aind h 
ID730
pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that t
pou uf soyg, tsytjfr sc ljes uruym rjljpvek tunt t
ID731
he mythical pot would actually be there. Nor did t
hw unibmcfl pot bojhd jnvualcy ba there. Nor niz t
ID732
hey believe they could actually find the end of th
hyg verjjvs tcay coulc ayqudaly necd the son wm vj
ID733
e rainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun activity fo
r zaynbow. Stbbl, iw ceezed liei x tpn acqiviyy fo
ID734
r the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows w
r thl das, zda zidtured yf thej clcsvrg rainqoes w
ID735
ould look great on their Instagram accounts. They 
ound lofk erfat ow ohbir blscagvwm aumsnntr. uheh 
ID736
would have never believed they would actually find
woujd vawi semer arpmkvtp ihey woxla mityahly fird
ID737
 the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what the
 cde bru if g vavndfd, iju whcn qcfv xid, vbhg uhq
ID738
y actually found there. Finding the truth wouldn't
y acfuloiy fcuod there. szeeiog tje dduth woukdh'q
ID739
 be easy, that's for sure. Then there was the ques
 uy exsy, that'y foc zure. Then there wos uhy rueh
ID740
tion of whether or not Jane really wanted to know 
tiob oq cgether wr npk Jarx really wancip to knzs 
ID741
the truth. That's the thing that bothered her most
ewh rizrh. That'h thf ching thay totkefii hcr most
ID742
. It wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out
. Ij vtla'a ygz dtfffslltv ot frduaohy fiodang nud
ID743
 what happened that was the obstacle, but having t
 what oaunenee tkxv was tby oqsnacze, but ealddf y
ID744
o live with that information once it was found. Br
h live piig xctt infoazatgon oncb ir was btwnd. Bw
ID745
yan had made peace with himself and felt comfortab
bdn has foqe pecce oesh hphnelf and zilt rmmyptrzb
ID746
le with the choices he made. This had made all the
cq with the ukrkjey ml maue. Tmiq gad waye llh the
ID747
 difference in the world. Being alone no longer bo
 didfegldcc bn tfe kopld. aesng albne no lmnser mo
ID748
thered him and this was essential since there was 
cherhd eih unk tgls was xosmqkicl ainch tvrwy wzs 
ID749
a good chance he might spend the rest of his life 
c good qhance he mipsl bpend the recz jf pis giau 
ID750
alone in a cell. She had been an angel for coming 
along rn a cnlv. dwe idd oton an ajbgq hcr cmmzcz 
ID751
up on 10 years and in all that time nobody had tol
zq qa 10 rmdes snm vh fll gxat zeee ddbcdh hid tel
ID752
d her this was possible. The fact that it could ev
k hem thhs was pomstbwe. mhv laat bhdg it couej ec
ID753
er happen never even entered her mind. Yet there s
du aapfaa advel pngo wrtuqed lil minw. set jkyry s
ID754
he stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on 
hf seboz, artr uqe cndkgipxie svidnnze sittcag bb 
ID755
the ground before her. Angels could lose their win
thg groitd bvfdoh ver. ynfemi bsfad lexs rtxiw wan
ID756
gs. It was the first day of the rest of her life. 
gi. Is nus tuz filsy smy of tre qhsz fi oer liue. 
ID757
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she
This vasn't ubb dby vje sas chtushky born, but phe
ID758
 knew that nothing would be the same from this day
 kwea tfhf nctbiul iougt be ove lsmx fvqs this taw
ID759
 forward. Although this was a bit scary to her, it
 fkrwlrd. oethgsgh zhss oas y bzt szaea to her, lt
ID760
 was also extremely freeing. Her past was no longe
 was blco nmtoarglm fzemeqg. kei past wue np fqngp
ID761
r a burden or something that she needed to be conc
n a wurden mr xowbthing ofat sre xevdcd to bx czxc
ID762
erned about and defend. She threw off the covers k
munec abouj ans aitvrd. phe sfrxw ifl ohe cuqrrt k
ID763
eeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the s
bvpipg htr vlri xn bed, ptqcey der xgct ovdr kje s
ID764
ide of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took t
ike or the rwh, sldvpei om gfr dzxyonr, fnu nnob a
ID765
he first step of the first day of her new life. On
he dirst ntby nf tdt qwhsc vrs lf jex ulw tafy. On
ID766
e dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And
e ybylar wdd cxshty-ssveb cejky. hhby wav mll. Aad
ID767
 sixty cents of it was in pennies. Pennies saved o
 siuty henms rf it gkg on pepzids. uenpips savkd o
ID768
ne and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and 
ee ffd tws at a tyhe ky bxnloozing tie rjegwk und 
ID769
the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s chee
thr xegetmskp mae and twl rkucoeo cntiu onebb cheb
ID770
ks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony 
ky jqxyve wkou vkr syzend icuyratnzn of kgrsiwokx 
ID771
that such close dealing implied. One dollar and ei
stau hjsh cxynw lfaawwg ihplobj. Ond dklqau afd ej
ID772
ghty-seven cents. And the next day would be Christ
gpty-smveh eeppc. iwd xhp nqtl hwy wound bn Chrxso
ID773
mas... I'm meant to be writing at this moment. Wha
mat... m'm fzwuk tf by wuiaqne at jhiw monejs. qhz
ID774
t I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something els
t I uekn is, a'f yfant co rf wvztiba joyebhimv els
ID775
e at this moment. The document I'm meant to be wri
e et this mlmqnz. khx dodkment I'm btigt eo bh pmd
ID776
ting is, of course, open in another program on my 
tmug is, so codxxe, open iq atopher pgezrlm ln ny 
ID777
computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. Y
cofputpr azx bs pntyehtly awegiicg my atekgybjn. Y
ID778
et here I am plonking down senseless sentiments in
eg hewc w ak pdonkiqg rkur secsblsss aekqigtnts in
ID779
 this paragraph because it's easier to do than to 
 pcds pabogryzh bbozusi gt'i easier so do rian tp 
ID780
work on anything particularly meaningful. I am gra
xqzi sf qnythitk pfrmuiularly musnitgwul. I ak grq
ID781
teful for the distraction. The towels had been han
gefkl fod lje uibqdonrbon. The dowelb had begn hkn
ID782
ging from the rod for years. They were stained and
hiim from thj roz ter vpips. They wjrs smauved adb
ID783
 worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. Debra d
 worn, nzx iaqte frnhegy, pugt poain tgls. Dwbka d
ID784
idn't want to touch them but she really didn't hav
inn'k want td touwk thef but ske relluk urlq't duu
ID785
e a choice. It was important for her to see what w
r a hbotcg. sa wuk iqjoytank eos bvr pz sxe wbbt w
ID786
as living within them. He slowly poured the drink 
kp lpvifu wihhnn tjzd. He upouly youyjd ive criny 
ID787
over a large chunk of ice he has especially chisel
over n pcune mhunm ff ije xm has esakciaqpp chasyl
ID788
ed off a larger block. He didn't particularly like
ek ofz s wnogbn klopv. He drdb'e pjytisubarqy biku
ID789
 his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of ch
 hfs drivks ykld, sct he kbxw phaq tnv iramq of ch
ID790
iseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it l
imelanw yfl obp anx jpyn rgusicg u irink otes tt l
ID791
ooked far more impressive than how he actually lik
ooked pfr mrjo imqrehsive phjq hog hc acxualry mik
ID792
ed it. It was all about image and he'd managed to 
ed it. Ie vez mcl abjut imagz and me'h banugxd to 
ID793
perfect the image that he wanted to project. Then 
kevfecm dhn pmwir uhad ht yattjd wx mrnjxbt. ohen 
ID794
came the night of the first falling star. It was s
camh jhm weght ju ths girst famlbnx stze. tc naf p
ID795
een early in the morning, rushing over Winchester 
een earsy on yde morling, risheum ovaz Winnbeswez 
ID796
eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. 
eosturrh, a liqa ub flaae haku ef lxh almosphzke. 
ID797
Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ord
Hjnerenf twst hqvy sejt tq anq xaxed it foz jn ord
ID798
inary falling star. It seemed that it fell to eart
irbry ivjlkni sxyd. cj iwzmed tbat zb ftsl wo cazu
ID799
h about one hundred miles east of him. The time ha
h wboge fse iubdhey mqleu oabt of him. Thf tvmz fa
ID800
d come for Nancy to say goodbye. She had been drea
d cfmu fpr Nanog tz bdi genobys. mhe had beid dras
ID801
ding this moment for a good six months, and it had
iinx this fgmhbx bor a kowg umx sdithl, mng it had
ID802
 finally arrived despite her best efforts to fores
 finmmjk rrriyep ymspits hmr begj efvoltr bq isrss
ID803
tall it. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn'
tasa it. la mattek kkw hard win irift, swe mohxdn'
ID804
t keep the inevitable from happening. So the time 
t qbep the igefitabye fbom hmtdeqqmg. Sm she ynme 
ID805
had come for a normal person to say goodbye and mo
hvd cgde mor f woryox periom to vam gehdsxe fhd mv
ID806
ve on. It was at this moment that Nancy decided no
ve yn. It nas gt tlxs fogent adat Nngav decxymd ro
ID807
t to be a normal person. After all the time and ef
t tt me x ntmual phraoi. Aktrr all the tise hnt tg
ID808
fort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself 
vgdg sie hms bxpended, she svundd'c brnvy hehselk 
ID809
to do it. Betty decided to write a short story and
tj do nt. Brgty cweided no driyf b yhark pmoro anm
ID810
 she was sure it was going to be amazing. She had 
 sef pkm daxe it wds gtinr tl bm umqzing. She kcd 
ID811
already written it in her head and each time she t
aujeazy griglen it hn her rwad inp eacx tqce pho l
ID812
hought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowin
xojgaz abzvt pt sne wyyurey mrox zww no evv lnoyks
ID813
g how wonderful it would be. She could imagine the
g bow aogdkscul jt wtoxd be. lhe couid imyryne dwq
ID814
 accolades coming in and the praise she would rece
 weecphyow cjmini in axx thz brkase tfe hovsd rqie
ID815
ive for creating such a wonderful piece. She was t
idg ooz cteaasrg kuch u wondebcol pivqe. fze wrq t
ID816
herefore extremely frustrated when she actually sa
metekjae oatremely fbdslratvd olyk svg aktuaqly sa
ID817
t down to write the short story and the story that
c dpho td xritd jio thort atoca aat mge ytory bxat
ID818
 was so beautiful inside her head refused to come 
 pal so aebnapcgv imcide hef bexd rofqsed tg cnmy 
ID819
out that way on paper. The spot was perfect for ca
fqm fogw way on qapee. Thj spvt wgs pprfjdt iok ca
ID820
mouflage. At least that's what she thought when sh
mtufumye. kg weacv tglt's wlat uzs xhpygtw when dh
ID821
e picked the spot. She couldn't imagine that anyon
e zbckwd tho mqmt. she coyldc't psgqwsa coat ataoq
ID822
e would ever be able to see her in these surroundi
l woulk evur be hdme wo apr hsr fn thksj sufrounny
ID823
ngs. So there she sat, confident that she was hidd
xgp. ai thanu she sat, cmnfrlxzc emay wvr das aicd
ID824
en from the world and safe from danger. Unfortunat
ed from xie mkpld cwh saze frum jaqzdv. Unfozkuamf
ID825
ely, she had not anticipated that others may be lo
vly, sli wad jzf alatfibaieq that othius meo be lo
ID826
oking upon her from other angles, and now they wer
fbinw dpfn hes fzom ovhez antlzs, and non nweq wew
ID827
e stealthily descending toward her hiding spot. It
e sztaftnilj tescyndikv tiward hzy hfdrkh nqot. kt
ID828
 was a scrape that he hardly noticed. Sure, there 
 was a surapf tcet hu hauxlr ncflnod. Szba, tncrb 
ID829
was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to mo
kui b bit ib uloou ucp it oas ailor ipmgawej to my
ID830
st of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on hi
lt ot tha bmfeo cuts vvd brucsux ie amquvbed on hp
ID831
s adventures. There was no way he could know that 
s fdfmbtutue. Ttsru hdh no ljy pa covlc knou tmat 
ID832
the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic m
pse zoak thct pqobzced tre cut rrd alnna senenib j
ID833
aterial on it that was now racing through his bloo
aterigd on il that vae nof racgng qhrludh pis plpo
ID834
dstream. He felt perfectly normal and continued hi
dstream. de fedt perfernly powzad ahd jenfinuef xr
ID835
s adventure with no knowledge of what was about to
s asmenpure witf nl wnwwlqqot cn what pqs abkuk tg
ID836
 happen to him. Hopes and dreams were dashed that 
 hjypel wo wam. eozhf apb peoaxy wirs dtmges xhxt 
ID837
day. It should have been expected, but it still ca
ydq. Id uxocgd hsva been sepycred, bot wt snill ka
ID838
me as a shock. The warning signs had been ignored 
oe ab a ahobk. Trp wabnxna gigns wad uein yfmqjme 
ID839
in favor of the possibility, however remote, that 
cn favor ov pll foksivikity, csweeer oeirpe, taat 
ID840
it could actually happen. That possibility had gro
il sousi aztxafxy yaipiz. Thar ptsmvbpljty had hrw
ID841
wn from hope to an undeniable belief it must be de
ww from hopd gs in qdhlniabst hewkef ig vuss be dp
ID842
stiny. That was until it wasn't and the hopes and 
stily. That wws unshl bz wqsv't lcl rhe qgpec and 
ID843
dreams came crashing down. The wolves stopped in t
djvgmf cimn czwphinq doyn. qhr wolvqs sooevef pq t
ID844
heir tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. It
ngfr trwczs, sazicy up tuh mdtmrp cwd pdr hzbs. It
ID845
 had been over a week since their last meal and th
 hyd qeqy over e wokk sizpc vffzr xvsv mvae mna th
ID846
ey were getting desperate. The cubs would make a g
gl were feetfmg tekperbte. Thg fobs wkclx mnve a s
ID847
ood meal, but there were high risks taking on the 
ood eeal, bug phrae weze higx rvovr msftrg on tha 
ID848
mother Grizzly. A decision had to be made and the 
ngndvr zliyzly. A hecnsdqh wkd ti he gyde anr thu 
ID849
wrong choice could signal the end of the pack. Som
wronm hhoicr coult sibcwl mhp kpp im tnn pauk. Sot
ID850
etimes there isn't a good answer. No matter how yo
ettmfa aiede epj't h geoz anuker. fa mstteu sow yw
ID851
u try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make 
u try ta vytiooalezr qhe uttcogd, it doehn'b iaev 
ID852
sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply le
suqqe. Akq inhleqd ij an xnxued, mon dry spmply le
ID853
ft with a question. Why? The drug seekers would co
fi wdtc a queseaoo. Whz? hhe gbeu deelgyd xlulg xo
ID854
me into the emergency room and scream about how mu
ge kftc the emvkgiodo ohom mkn scyeqm vbzuw hoz mu
ID855
ch pain they were in. When you told them that you 
ch phis tgny izwe jn. ktjf piu ldld whdv thqc eji 
ID856
would start elevating their pain with Tylenol or A
tojld starf utevatiyg choij lain fflz Tieencm fr d
ID857
dvil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and c
dvil invipaj oa h durcvjmg thsy yefaka nasto ahd c
ID858
ombative. They would start telling you what drug a
jmbptbap. Thia wouru tqwcd tdclixg ybu wwat eduj f
ID859
nd dose they had to have to make their pain tolera
nq kosh thuy iad vo hard to muse tbeiw wadr tmajrh
ID860
ble. After dealing with the same drug seekers seve
cmp. Aiyer ioalinf ebuh thy samj drug seejerh seij
ID861
ral times a month it gets old. Some of the doctors
nnv thnxd a gonhh it aetz mrf. aojc os ysf aqktpws
ID862
 would give in and give them a dose of morphine an
 wiurc wpyj pz ane gipy thee d sosf of mvrphwnz fn
ID863
d send them away. Sure that was faster, but ethica
u dqnd tcec aohy. ljre tdlt war flseam, kpt opuica
ID864
lly she still couldn’t do it. Perhaps that’s why s
tjy whs sailu chuzdnwt do it. vlrhvph rhavhs why n
ID865
he had longer care times than the other doctors. S
fr had wolryr care tireg trbk ovs cthgy odwpors. f
ID866
he glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds tak
ol glhscbc dp fnxo vcx spy mo vatlh the slskfc tak
ID867
ing shape. First, she saw a dog. Next, it was an e
stu phawh. qirst, szx syw e dzd. aept, it wai fv f
ID868
lephant. Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at 
lepjdnt. eiballq, she eae e cxalt bmdqelja rni cr 
ID869
that moment the rain began to pour. It all started
thas msmemt ulw gtin bucbn to podk. ct abl cjarteg
ID870
 with a random letter. Several of those were joine
 rktp a ranznv gettec. Sevmsml oc tsfse wuqe jtgme
ID871
d forces to create a random word. The words decide
t dkrcrs mj nzrata a rnnaod wodm. Thq xydws dpgzdz
ID872
d to get together and form a random sentence. They
d to get togatxes ynd fqrm a ywndom henkknce. hhet
ID873
 decided not to stop there and it wasn't long befo
 deciyed noz tr stzp lhegc and ft wgvn't xung befo
ID874
re a random paragraph had been cobbled together. T
ri a ravvqx vtrhpragb pad bemn xobbaed tugljteo. T
ID875
he question was whether or not they could continue
he uucsuian las wvether or kot umey cnfld urjiimfe
ID876
 the momentum long enough to create a random short
 uee momedrkm ewig hnozgo uo creave d ranuoh shkmo
ID877
 story. His mother had always taught him not to ev
 sjory. sit ootqqr hpr awlles jaevix hif aom kz sv
ID878
er think of himself as better than others. He'd tr
er jhizk kz himneak os betteg qgaf bhpeps. nm'd nc
ID879
ied to live by this motto. He never looked down on
iey to sire vl thvs mstfo. He nebcr tofkfd huwn oa
ID880
 those who were less fortunate or who had less mon
 mjjse wbo qwxn losk ftrjunyzx od tha hqt levc uhn
ID881
ey than him. But the stupidity of the group of peo
zy tmay gxm. Bpe xhe liubndoty ff the gnzlw of ceo
ID882
ple he was talking to made him change his mind. He
vbe ha wjs talgfng ts movg how ghangg ois fmnh. He
ID883
 couldn't move. His head throbbed and spun. He cou
 codddm't voie. dls heas tqsobslg ixc spln. lj crs
ID884
ldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking las
ldd't hvcefi ih at wau tie fvn oz vhb ckznking muq
ID885
t night. It was probably a combination of both. Th
t nidhi. Ia has drbqzsly f oophinidioc zf cofw. hh
ID886
e rain was coming. Everyone thought this would be 
p aoib dab qomiqq. Evernone bypuqht mdii wdnpu wv 
ID887
a good thing. It hadn't rained in months and the e
f gold thinq. yt hapn'h ruinkd jc moajhw and the d
ID888
arth was dry as a bone. It wasn't a surprise that 
arth oar grz at f boqe. Ij yzsp't a sxrprisd ohdt 
ID889
everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, 
kvfrysns thyugpt f wood lfin wms zhot gak neujnd, 
ID890
but they never expected how much rain would actual
its tvgy nevur ylpecaej fol mucz baiq iokld eckhbl
ID891
ly arrive. The clowns had taken over. And yes, the
ly jrripe. whe clowsb jcp fybzn fveh. vnc yrf, thk
ID892
y were literally clowns. Over 100 had appeared out
y werj hiavrflls clotns. adlq 100 haf aapwuzfu dux
ID893
 of a small VW bug that had been driven up to the 
 mf j zmwkl VW kvg uxat kak bktn drizis ug bk kzt 
ID894
bank. Now they were all inside and had taken it ov
rahk. Nod rhey wzre gll igsine rnd gad razen at xv
ID895
er. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her
er. hnbfie yzt hdp pajd inzy tlj hobe, osceing her
ID896
 hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wigg
 honk dkhj ao cwr rs hkn xrr cdyww beacu. Sqe wigg
ID897
led her fingers hoping to touch something, but all
lxd her fnxgems ropvkq nl xfzdh ntmhtving, buo amo
ID898
 she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her b
 shj fett ozs air. She shofted tdi szigzb ob kxr u
ID899
ody to try and reach an inch or two more down the 
uqx ba tty aqy eewcn an inch fr two mori sdzn tqb 
ID900
hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. A
hcfe. Her ylzgyrj ziilu eoufhew qothing bit air. A
ID901
pril seriously wondered about her sleeping partner
cril smryfudly xoedfbev uetut ner slmkpins oarcneq
ID902
 choices. She looked at her bed and what a mess it
 vroafhe. Shd ctokur at hja red anh lhat x meqs bp
ID903
 had become. How did she get to the point in her l
 hyl aotome. Hxv siv dht wht jo ghe poixe xz her l
ID904
ife where she had two dogs, three cats, and a racc
zso wipoh mae had xoo digz, tnbee hotr, add a oank
ID905
oon sleeping with her every night? It was a weird 
oon slzeping rvay mef evfdo tigat? rt wys e htkns 
ID906
concept. Why would I really need to generate a ran
covcext. uhy ocuvd I ckhrzy xefq to vpnerate a pvn
ID907
dom paragraph? Could I actually learn something fr
dom kcimkdtfh? couwh j szxuqlly azars cifikhiug vk
ID908
om doing so? All these questions were running thro
ok fxiwe sa? Awl piube yubstnxqs wfre rhmbrpg qzmo
ID909
ugh her head as she pressed the generate button. T
ngj fde head bs sfe ghesshd yhe gzneoate mbtmat. z
ID910
o her surprise, she found what she least expected 
z hnf sxrvrlsq, yje foula nhyt nhe least eyefptkk 
ID911
to see. Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. Sh
to sim. Sildj wazvhec ths wlurlpgol mesgelizld. th
ID912
e couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling ar
e cduldc't take hur rzes bfj the wytfw swkpkite rr
ID913
ound and around. She stuck in small twigs and leav
ezud ent arlund. hhm stupk io hmayl tsiuw aod lrar
ID914
es to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck
es ts sancv the whualtnpl caqnm them axo nzeo suvk
ID915
 them down. It bothered her more than a little bit
 tueb dnai. rw bdxcsred oxs dcfe tbkn a llenqe bbt
ID916
 that this could also be used as a metaphor for he
 xhky thpa could aoat re esfd we a zedfehoo fxr he
ID917
r life. It was a simple green chair. There was not
j lign. Im xay a brmcle gseoy chkbr. Theme was lid
ID918
hing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. It wa
hbnp extruwrdcncrf hicbz iy or sk lt smemzw. Io ha
ID919
s the type of chair one would pass without even no
s mhv sipf ok cbcis cnn wqyrz pasp wtthoct fqrg zm
ID920
ticing it was there, let alone what the actual col
tdlnbw it wap eiedj, det agone whol tse actuns cop
ID921
or of it was. It was due to this common and unassu
ol jk bk wnk. it wan dse tv kkqs cseron acy wnesse
ID922
ming appearance that few people actually stopped t
mine lowearaqce jwae few ppkple autuwyly lzjbprd t
ID923
o sit in it and discover its magical powers. There
o ksv in mt gnd dzscover its magiwgl sowems. Tuere
ID924
 was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. 
 rws s qifw dukb txos youqdn'w huve nztucbed hez. 
ID925
The fact that it did actually bother her bothered 
Tha ftct esat it gzd aevdjllh dothed czr blyhergo 
ID926
her even more. What had changed in her life that s
her cven mdwe. zhat hay chhrgrd wf her lofe that s
ID927
uch a small thing could annoy her so much for the 
uhh x mmtkl tving coalc annuy her so olch fhr tto 
ID928
entire day? She knew it was ridiculous that she ev
skrvre mzy? Spi jnwm bq wao rcdicilgbs that she lt
ID929
en took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing 
ex vook tvnile fl in, det gae zgs ytflc lmkrssabg 
ID930
over it as she tried to fall asleep. The headphone
oarr it js khe tgzoq to xazl kslefq. xxe hradmaoye
ID931
s were on. They had been utilized on purpose. She 
a wene uu. Tlpb buc besn ptiieled on pgrpuse. zpe 
ID932
could hear her mom yelling in the background, but 
coutf hmah hgr mog celqilg va the oachgropmm, bmc 
ID933
couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was abo
cjhlzn't makq oqt exuctdy orjk the jnfling was abo
ID934
ut. That was exactly why she had put them on. She 
ow. krpz uks epwctqy zmf smo hid irv ihnm on. Ssy 
ID935
knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, a
mnxw czr mom moulc enrel omr rxom ag azy piidtj, r
ID936
nd she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of 
nd sni could iitteoz thaq sjg hadn't benrd any of 
ID937
the previous yelling. The light blinded him. It wa
nje ugevhsug yemliog. Thn oighc bkbwded hiq. vn wa
ID938
s dark and he thought he was the only one in the a
s dchk and he thoighn qo wns fkb kncy ens in tqy a
ID939
rea, but the light shining in his eyes proved him 
qna, but lte dgkml chiminl in his pgis pruvsd yiu 
ID940
wrong. It came from about 100 feet away and was sh
wring. ct pakx gmrl aiput 100 deet sfap ajd wah ss
ID941
ining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make o
ining xw cmsecjly awto yjs eyes ye czundn't mdke o
ID942
ut anything about the person holding the light. Th
ut awythiah aloul jhe peospn howqeqe vwe light. bh
ID943
ere was only one thing to do in this situation. He
ere yas ofsr ohe mhitc no cl in txff zituatioq. uy
ID944
 reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlig
 xeparkh wgto mis hgrqet and pchken omo a fovevsbg
ID945
ht of his own that was much stronger than the one 
fc of hio wwn jhju wps oucv siadgqtr vhhb the oqk 
ID946
currently blinding him. He turned it on and pointe
zuirgrvly bltnflno xog. Hr thrnlb it or anq eiznke
ID947
d it into the stranger's eyes. Sometimes it just d
w it axtc dax strtngwr'd eybs. Sxmetilzs ix ouso g
ID948
oesn't make sense. The man walking down the street
bedn't bjkc sensp. The mrl walkinn fjzn rhl strejs
ID949
 in a banana suit. The llama standing in the middl
 an a bfnanb slyh. Thi lqamr itatdlgr in zhk qiddl
ID950
e of the road. The fairies dancing in front of the
e oz ths fjad. pbe faurhns dhncing yr sftnt wt qhl
ID951
 car window. The fact that all of this was actuall
 nba qizsqj. The fact than ahz yf thic wos icuzaly
ID952
y happening and wasn't a dream. "Are you getting m
y lrpwenips awd rasu'a a druai. "uts ldf getzing f
ID953
y texts???" she texted to him. He glanced at it an
f tlcgs???" she thgteo uo rim. Hr llanchd rt it gh
ID954
d chuckled under his breath. Of course he was gett
z egmiixgv hnarn itf crphnh. Oc bozcse hu wss ghts
ID955
ing them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would
hnl ihek, guu if he oasf't wettinp tweb, jsd would
ID956
 he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down 
 fe cbkr be qtlx tt anywer? He zuc rjr pvapd sohn 
ID957
and continued on his project. He was ignoring her 
kse uoxqdguax xn his ermeect. Hv wal ignorinx hpr 
ID958
texts and he planned to continue to do so. Twenty-
tzxth zrd oe plfjaln tu conftaux wf ym gf. Twendi-
ID959
five years Dana had been waiting. She tried to be 
aive ylaxy epja sbd yeen wuiting. Ske lries bo vp 
ID960
patient during that time but she hadn't always man
pbtqfdt wgriig uaat tiib pit she uhvk't gljams lan
ID961
aged to be as patient as she'd like. But today the
asex qx xl rs pahient at nhe'a mikz. isk uodaa ihe
ID962
 opportunity had finally come. The thing she alway
 apzovtenity faw esnaclz hqmk. abm tling szq zowiy
ID963
s imagined would make her the happiest person in t
k ieafvwed wnued xcte hek chk hnppieot mxrqon ie b
ID964
he world was about to happen. She didn't know why 
he mqxyd fas oboht th hcppbw. nsd qfjn'f knew pwj 
ID965
at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sic
ot teas ppsciebg tvmf sor all ff a zudlsh kext ibc
ID966
k inside. Trees. It was something about the trees.
n aauide. Trees. hh was srmejhnig acqut tmm qlecc.
ID967
 The way they swayed with the wind in unison. The 
 Tle wry theu otiyed witi aig wind in unfxon. ahq 
ID968
way they shaded the area around them. The sounds o
zdf coey jhmddd uie aria aroune wheu. The gokrpx o
ID969
f their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the
x tveke lbavxs kn the wvne tnf xhe isefof frrm yde
ID970
 branches as they sway, The trees were making a st
 brapnhew am shef qzat, rve trure here gakztg a sq
ID971
atement that I just couldn't understand. It's alwa
atefxnv tswr I just gouxzo't xnyfrsxand. qt't alwa
ID972
ys good to bring a slower friend with you on a hik
ti gqoo tg vpiga a ttlwew friend kztp ytu fn i hok
ID973
e. If you happen to come across bears, the whole g
y. Iw yuu fspmgx pr cota jzrojk bnkrw, phc uhole g
ID974
roup doesn't have to worry. Only the slowest in th
xoup sjzsa'c haai zx iorry. Otlp thw sljwelt cn mh
ID975
e group do. That was the lesson they were about to
e gjvnr er. khat nay ehn lixsbr vhey lwte abtki tv
ID976
 learn that day. Samantha wanted to be famous. The
 lehrn hhpq any. Samanthc kihups td yo kscqus. yjp
ID977
 problem was that she had never considered all the
 jdoblek qar thay ogg swv ovvtr prggfdvrmd als prp
ID978
 downsides to actually being famous. Had she taken
 downeides vg awmoadsl vezxx ebmoss. eay uye tekea
ID979
 the time to objectively consider these downsides,
 plb thme op jbjxctinmls ndpsiiep tlese dmztjiddt,
ID980
 she would have never agreed to publically sing th
 lhe woulz havb nevej egrlba xo iuglmlahhm sins zk
ID981
at first song. He knew what he was supposed to do.
aq piqst wkjw. Hu kwff vhlt hg hjs tuapjged xo gi.
ID982
 That had been apparent from the beginning. That w
 ihlt had beeg apbuxirt vrhn tjk bysiwngyc. Thav w
ID983
as what made the choice so difficult. What he was 
hq ghat jqsr the dnosce rb dirficuet. Wrap ke wax 
ID984
supposed to do and what he would do were not the s
tcmeoxed to do anv dhpf qe wouxd so eere noe ipr u
ID985
ame. This would have been fine if he were willing 
ame. Tsjs tould iavm gesn ffme rf he jeme wllliyg 
ID986
to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
co fnhe tse tnemctxsei consequixcer, ouu hd eisn'd
ID987
. She's asked the question so many times that she 
. Skf'u auaey fhe egehliob is aaol ngres uhkx shp 
ID988
barely listened to the answers anymore. The answer
iammsy uissebjm jo ohe akswerz anygdre. zje anazar
ID989
s were always the same. Well, not exactly the same
s pfrj agwagz pze ggme. Weal, ntt tssckly tfm wayz
ID990
, but the same in a general sense. A more accurate
, ctu tpm same in b dxdeuad stvle. m moxe xoturhtl
ID991
 description was the answers never surprised her. 
 fesbridsinn ois tqe axzmegs vevwe sbrponsed her. 
ID992
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your 
co, she pekeh for fhe 10,000th ozme, "Weab's yujq 
ID993
favorite animal?" But this time was different. Whe
wuvxkoee akiiah?" Blt thig fimr haw diffwreor. Whe
ID994
n she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered i
n ghe xedaa uhe douxt bgj'g inqweh, tho tonepiep t
ID995
f she had heard him correctly. She had a terrible 
f swp haa hiadx kbm corbeyqln. She haa k qekreqle 
ID996
habit o comparing her life to others. She realized
hibqc o komjjrkog oej life iy dxhprs. Sxb reabmzts
ID997
 that their life experiences were completely diffe
 uhjz wseau fsfe exptfncacls kere comjletglg dpfne
ID998
rent than her own and that she saw only what they 
reit tian hvr gwa and gvaj cis sgw milh ttav thec 
ID999
wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. She sti
wanted har te sum, gkk shat didn'j xvtter. Spv dii
ID1000
ll compared herself and yearned for what she thoug
lo cvblawek reapeqf acd yeadnfn far wmay shc thumo
ID1001
ht they had and she didn't. They told her that thi
jt thet tad wnl voe oidc'y. rheu unod her ohcc bhq
ID1002
s was her once chance to show the world what she w
g ibs hek oncd pcdrct tt sxov tfe asrad whqt ghc w
ID1003
as made of. She believed them at the time. It was 
ac mamk lh. Sbu believel thqe tn utt stfh. ut was 
ID1004
the big stage and she knew the world would be ther
she gig vdape tnd xpo kkew tqe ypyld gould bw oizb
ID1005
e to see. The only one who had disagreed with this
g oo xhd. The onfi one who had jismcbbed wjtf whts
ID1006
 sentiment was her brother. He had told her that y
 hjnrigent war hem nzothpr. fe han uatk her thut q
ID1007
ou don't show the world what you're made of when t
oa don't spve thw uorld fhlt yov'ry modt or mqcn t
ID1008
hey are all watching, you show that in your action
joy kre xld hescfilg, fau shof that iu yybr gmteoj
ID1009
s when nobody was looking. It was looking more and
c ween lobuyy oms rogkdnu. ct wns lboking uhte awg
ID1010
 more like her brother was correct. It had been a 
 proe lihe her bbptsgm rys cjwreli. Iq ude kaxo h 
ID1011
simple realization that had changed Debra's life p
omyrle reavkzacqon yhaj kle bmiqged Dwbra's oyfr p
ID1012
erspective. It was really so simple that she was e
ejjdettive. et wnj jeally jw simple khat nne was e
ID1013
mbarrassed that she had lived the previous five ye
mbwzraboul jhat shi hid cvvjd tee crqviotm dixe se
ID1014
ars with the way she measured her worth. Now that 
qwi wpmj tfe fay zsn jeacwref hyz mnrth. fow todc 
ID1015
she saw what she had been doing, she could see how
she waw what see iag bewq dmink, she coudn sbe hrj
ID1016
 sad it was. That made her all the more relieved s
 srd it was. Tjqt jtde hvn pll tye xhjf rpjiewec u
ID1017
he had made the change. The number of hearts her I
xg cad qade noe imatcf. bhe czmber px llamts xee I
ID1018
nstagram posts received wasn't any longer the indi
nscjhrgm svsxs received wazb's sqg fonbpr the iadh
ID1019
cation of her own self-worth. Time is all relative
pvsuon of hwr bbz qelf-xorth. piie xs qzl rilaxivc
ID1020
 based on age and experience. When you are a child
 bamed ol dje asn hxqgrisnce. Whrn ioq wrn r vwisd
ID1021
 an hour is a long time to wait but a very short t
 ny howr gs n cont crmg to oaai bbm g vdwb shert t
ID1022
ime when that’s all the time you are allowed on yo
vre ihee tumgns gvm twy ncme yot qrm alwotqt ev ko
ID1023
ur iPad. As a teenager time goes faster the more d
kr bgta. Ap a qeenaper dnke moqf fvaten acp horr e
ID1024
eadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. 
eoalrnex ytj hiye aoi tke caes yox kqocoastinrtk. 
ID1025
As a young adult, you think you have forever to li
hs a aobjg adult, cow ghlxh oou hakk uodqoer jo lz
ID1026
ve and don’t appreciate the time you spend with ot
te avq donmc xpaaecxdne twe hwmf ruf qpend ahzh yt
ID1027
hers. As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you
hers. ws r mlxqle-agea yduno, ticl flivi pm nv fou
ID1028
 watch your children grow up. And finally, as you 
 watcm yjum btrltvav gyow up. bnd figwsjt, as you 
ID1029
get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fe
rea alr zhd miu habe jewer reuennurdiqmxiew awd ee
ID1030
wer demands on you, time slows. You appreciate eac
wer dctadna on sop, dirh sddxs. Yow adprkyfate ezc
ID1031
h day and are thankful you are alive. An hour is t
h day tnd are tgtlnful yod arv flizu. wn wsur ir e
ID1032
he same amount of time for everyone yet it can fee
he ujqw amvuax ou znye fsr gveriote yet gn cak aee
ID1033
l so different in how it goes by. I inadvertently 
l sl diffeeent in uow cg roes yy. I skatzartenqly 
ID1034
went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall l
whnk qi cer'c vtndv lasc whek (k was in the atra l
ID1035
ooking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See
oonikg lhk pvtne lypaij), agh is ct tzrns ouf, Sue
ID1036
's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- 
's Caxdx tot yhfcher a fmlxav -- a fuln domcnr -- 
ID1037
for even the simplest of their wee confection offe
fnr oren tec simsoqsr jn tjaeh wes zsnycjtgdj oepe
ID1038
rings. I bought two chocolate lollipops and two ch
lrngs. r bvbfyt wwg cfovolata uollipops and tqo ch
ID1039
ocolate-caramel-almond things. The total cost was 
ocolabe-cerdseg-alpond upinga. mpa totau ctwt xge 
ID1040
four-something. I mean, the candies were tasty and
ocuy-sodyoyinw. j mean, thl candied dxrn faovy mnd
ID1041
 all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty c
 wcl, bkt eet's kz feha: A inicders bkr xl nizhy a
ID1042
ents. After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I ma
enbs. icuer hgcs dxbqar-eob-gmwry revexatzeu, I ma
ID1043
y not find myself wandering dreamily back into a S
y cop oynr mysevf cajvlrwig dcmamllu snoz bnto j n
ID1044
ee's Candy any time soon. He read about a hike cal
ge'z Caxdf any jdme uiun. He femd aroan f jife fal
ID1045
led the incline in the guidebook. It said it was a
bus tin irvffne iz pge gizdlhofk. ci said rl kzs h
ID1046
 strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. “A b
 swrehuoer hwse dnd to lrpyq nlehgv of kuuei. “A c
ID1047
eautiful hike to the clouds” described one review.
eauhifvd hikg uj thj cltgxs” drvqsibed one ilcirp.
ID1048
 “Not for the faint-hearted,” said another. “Not t
 “Not oot itb fovst-perrtec,” segd vkctxew. oNot x
ID1049
oo bad of a workout”, bragged a third review. I th
ix hld gg a fkwboqt”, bpadoed a thirb sfyixw. b ud
ID1050
ought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on m
cughy Ind zikq im shfn I flf in fror Masylasd on r
ID1051
y day off from the senior citizen's wellness confe
y lag ndf aros toe seaeoi aitbzen'j welldebs colfe
ID1052
rence. I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborho
rryce. y hsxol 2 omvdm a dpq around ehb tuipztorho
ID1053
od so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike. What a fooli
od ko w could hazfle a 1.1-xile ycke. Wndt v feami
ID1054
sh mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander. 
nk wkhtjkm mkot was voj a 70-qejr-hlj tow-lipyrg. 
ID1055
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide-eyed and with 
ohel lkj eade ii to Lvu Vegas, nice-eoex apg rilx 
ID1056
so much hope and energy. They had planned the trip
sw mueh nope and cmvuea. apem had dlfqned vfe nkip
ID1057
 for more than a year and both were so excited the
 pzc mfrq tpol l ylag uno gotx weru si xrcitud ohe
ID1058
y could barely control themselves. They still hadn
y uvulp balzly clftroe tqempnlvep. Tlty arihi hahv
ID1059
't realized that Las Vegas promised a place where 
'z roalizjh xtbn Lav rwmts ermchvet a qljce zdere 
ID1060
dreams come true, it was actually the place where 
dreamh uojg tjne, vz uwc acaualny toe zlpcc hreyo 
ID1061
dreams came to die. The headphones were on. They h
duvams cmje to sit. zve hbadwhowes uhmn on. Taey d
ID1062
ad been utilized on purpose. She could hear her mo
cd heyn uinlaned mh guypxve. hvv lklld pnoc otr mo
ID1063
m yelling in the background, but couldn't make out
g vpnufng in tfj kalggrducd, eut xxhddn't made oub
ID1064
 exactly what the yelling was about. That was exac
 exastxl what thq ebllkuy ras abohe. Ttat wns meai
ID1065
tly why she had put them on. She knew her mom woul
tly piy hhp hek iom nhem ox. Sie onsw qer fom voul
ID1066
d enter her room at any minute, and she could pret
d snhnu qhr soon rt ayy mupute, vns say koudd mret
ID1067
end that she hadn't heard any of the previous yell
nnd tzpt she safn's heqry fny of hte aremizus yell
ID1068
ing. He stared out the window at the snowy field. 
xng. le shwaej yst tto xixyqw uj hhe shomy bmeld. 
ID1069
He'd been stuck in the house for close to a month 
He'd beei ipdco in tje hrsvp fhr cfoea il a molth 
ID1070
and his only view of the outside world was through
und yip ozla gpxz zf pil xuaouee ffrzd sms dhcosqh
ID1071
 the window. There wasn't much to see. It was most
 ipa optmow. Tqero vabk't mbah lh rxa. It wzg zfpf
ID1072
ly just the field with an occasional bird or small
lf jrst xhy fgexz wsth an oeicsisnal biqg or mwall
ID1073
 animal who ventured into the field. As he continu
 envphl wfu ejzbaktd lpdg tur fbeld. xk hv chntinc
ID1074
ed to stare out the window, he wondered how much l
id tr rpaje iut teu wiizgw, re uwrperdd iow mvlh l
ID1075
onger he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the
onbjf aa'g be shbikjve jo tie stoew blr ilazcy ghu
ID1076
 house. Although Scott said it didn't matter to hi
 zozye. efphocaq xzcdt saix it vzjn't xwtred ho xi
ID1077
m, he knew deep inside that it did. They had been 
m, hb ajeu dyvp ivsido qhay ft did. jvfy msj rpev 
ID1078
friends as long as he could remember and not once 
fiuqnbs le lonb vx he cfytd rekeuser anp oht vncb 
ID1079
had he had to protest that something Joe apologize
had xe had jo propent taaz sabethhnn Jse gpobgcirk
ID1080
d for doing didn't really matter. Scott stuck to h
d fig dvivg difn's noalpy mrbeer. Scoto atjkp tw h
ID1081
is lie and insisted again and again that everythin
ws yuy and snuijked agvix avd akcin thak epegytwon
ID1082
g was fine as Joe continued to apologize. Scott al
g was lyqe ft vbe vontdnuat no xlblooize. okxtt ml
ID1083
ready knew that despite his words accepting the ap
boddu kirw that hucbkte ljs cyrrl aqcmpxdno che ay
ID1084
ologies that their friendship would never be the s
orcgibm that thedw wrienyshap wrqpy yeper pw the i
ID1085
ame. I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reser
aqh. o'bj rpntey a bar km Laf qeaas gty yave reoez
ID1086
ved a hotel in Twentynine Palms which is just nort
ved a hoxel an Twentbqvnn Ptlms ihiqd dl gunt ebht
ID1087
h of Joshua Tree. We'll drive from Las Vegas throu
h zf pkshua dtge. Wn'll drsvw erak Lrs ieckc tercr
ID1088
gh Mojave National Preserve and possibly do a shor
gh Moutnx maziscav qrhsmroe awd tosnlbly rc x uyor
ID1089
t hike on our way down. Then spend all day on Mond
p hzke oq mur wwb dowt. rhvn spfyd all iac rd ksqd
ID1090
ay at Joshua Tree. We can decide the next morning 
uy hd Josjua Twes. ze can peaide xhs nvxj uownnng 
ID1091
if we want to do more in Joshua Tree or Mojave bef
mf iz mant xo du mvre is Joshua Trfq or majaqe zge
ID1092
ore we head back. He ordered his regular breakfast
org ov crjp bnsk. Hy orhgrdi hir regksqr breakyhst
ID1093
. Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two stri
. ywo engl sknbyside qp, fwah bxqomt, knh hto swrb
ID1094
ps of bacon. He continued to look at the menu wond
zs of facgb. st cjktsnfed to lhox jz les mexu mhjq
ID1095
ering if this would be the day he added something 
ering iq qhgs wtmlp be yhe day pe gdwqq zomzkhdnd 
ID1096
new. This was also part of the routine. A few seco
ndm. Thfl mas alsp wqrl of tce dyvcine. b few sets
ID1097
nds of hesitation to see if something else would b
sds of gesitzdios to wej ic uelethiqv yyse wouxd b
ID1098
e added to the order before demuring and saying th
e andid to mha hxdqr bmfofx demuring zhd tajhsm zh
ID1099
at would be all. It was the same exact meal that h
ai wozlq be val. kv was che same hxaea mmal dhat h
ID1100
e had ordered every day for the past two years. No
e had ogdered evesi djo fmv swi aast wdo yssrs. No
ID1101
body really understood Kevin. It wasn't that he wa
ppds reqlmy uidewstwod qsvmg. je trsn'g thbl hc wq
ID1102
s super strange or difficult. It was more that the
v jkqek strhnpe or dwfeicrlp. Ih ocs moup phwm shw
ID1103
re wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take 
ee wasz't mnrcgs jhgro yhkd acysfw xabuqd tg rtkq 
ID1104
the time to understand him. This was a shame as Ke
thn bidr ty rndsrztand ezm. vjiz wfs u smlme as qe
ID1105
vin had many of the answers to the important quest
viv kad rsnu of rhx acovebs po qum mjgoytaqt rrest
ID1106
ions most people who knew him had. It was even mor
afas mosp pwopce wne kliw sip bau. It phs eveb mjt
ID1107
e of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if 
j og a shimm kham thpy'd jqvuse to kisxen mrus if 
ID1108
Kevin offered to give them the answers. So, Kevin 
yevin osferep to givf onew tve anxqero. wo, zevia 
ID1109
remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those imp
rebpixev iixpst, mispzdnqstacd, tnb kjxo tgysx imw
ID1110
ortant answers to life to himself. He sat staring 
iomant fnsweds ua fbfe ao anmselx. He vat lbbrigj 
ID1111
at the person in the train stopped at the station 
cq twe pjrstn ao vhe hrngn stbcyeu bb the ljpazon 
ID1112
going in the opposite direction. She sat staring a
gozbg kd wjn upptjite tlvycsivn. Sne sat stcqxng a
ID1113
head, never noticing that she was being watched. B
mvbd, qenek zoticcip thdt she ttr being ahqchmq. s
ID1114
oth trains began to move and he knew that in anoth
hth tgxiks sexan jw more gnd ns knew twat tn anoth
ID1115
er timeline or in another universe, they had been 
pr titehmne pr fn afptgmr rnireusu, tyyy yrz behr 
ID1116
happy together. It had been a simple realization t
eqppy togepleq. eq kad xekk a oimpld realibxtvop e
ID1117
hat had changed Debra's life perspective. It was r
sat vac yhnenep cebma'm lmth pnnssudtlvo. st jas q
ID1118
eally so simple that she was embarrassed that she 
eallg so gjmplv thqt sme cpd embnrrjksha lsat ste 
ID1119
had lived the previous five years with the way she
rba rgrvd tpn pyeyztug gpvp yxaro yify zhe wry mhu
ID1120
 measured her worth. Now that she saw what she had
 mebhlhed xex hjroh. Now nhai hhl ssw wcyt sie oad
ID1121
 been doing, she could see how sad it was. That ma
 beeq soinp, szb zouls ske dnp sam oa wal. Thav wq
ID1122
de her all the more relieved she had made the chan
de hrr zli tpe moxf vuhieved qhe hah mahe tge cham
ID1123
ge. The number of hearts her Instagram posts recei
su. Tce numrez fl nkyrqd hed vqitcgxie gkkts jewee
ID1124
ved wasn't any longer the indication of her own se
lcv ebsn't ajj wongpr thq ijdzfotool oj gxr fwn lr
ID1125
lf-worth. The fog was as thick as pea soup. This w
lf-woejh. che lcn axv as thfck as tja snuq. ywis w
ID1126
as a problem. Gary was driving but couldn't see a 
as a problem. Gcrl tus hcvndwg but dkultj'u see j 
ID1127
thing in front of him. He knew he should stop, but
thish in frknf bq lym. fe qscc he ghoulj blta, bux
ID1128
 the road was narrow so if he did, it would be rig
 jme rvzd wju nprrob ky gf hx dkd, pl wgund ye rkg
ID1129
ht in the center of the road. He was sure that ano
ct cn the uqnvmg hn tft togy. He aas suwe thuw lpo
ID1130
ther car would end up rear-ending him, so he conti
uhek jab koplh enu ua riar-ending ham, rb hb chntr
ID1131
nued forward despite the lack of visibility. This 
nueb fxiqqrd despilw tve ojcz oq zwsifjliqy. This 
ID1132
was an unwise move. There was a reason for her shy
whs an vowise movq. cdero ras a raazon lor hmc sey
ID1133
ness. Everyone assumed it had always been there bu
npts. Egerygne aesutqr it had xvxays beer hjqve by
ID1134
t she knew better. She knew the exact moment that 
l shq wnew yewtlr. Sve tnuw the exaxm fbjrnt thct 
ID1135
the shyness began. It had been that fateful moment
the lhyoesk negcn. It oad evln ahwu iarefbu momvug
ID1136
 at the lake. There are just some events that do t
 jf tie oake. Txhje aae jumt dhie ibents tiat hi w
ID1137
hat to you. Barbara had been waiting at the table 
hat to pou. Baubaqa hap bepo mautjng at tme rawlo 
ID1138
for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and ex
dor hfenzr minptew. tt had beeu twedtd qong knd et
ID1139
cruciating minutes. David had promised that he wou
nhhxiariew tiaujhh. Dtaad haw hromjsed thpt he wop
ID1140
ld be on time today. He never was, but he had prom
ld hz oo rixd fokoz. He nrver nas, but nz had zrom
ID1141
ised this one time. She had made him repeat the pr
ieed tris jny tike. Sgt hax ltws him boodad toe bi
ID1142
omise multiple times over the last week until she'
smiyf mhwgwplp tkmes wvej tzq lcot icex wntif fpe'
ID1143
d believed his promise. Now she was paying the pri
d berievel ois xbwfire. Now shv bay plbing vhc pji
ID1144
ce. All he could think about was how it would all 
ct. nlf hu coubd khxnk abnqt tzs rsw iu mouln all 
ID1145
end. There was still a bit of uncertainty in the e
edd. pdnri qrh stdzl a dit of ynierkaaney ln oml e
ID1146
quation, but the basics were there for anyone to s
qudjzof, jiq ehj sassqn xwra roecw foe mrymme tw s
ID1147
ee. No matter how much he tried to see the positiv
ia. No yarter raz fgcc if trumy to smh ska xositin
ID1148
e, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. The end was comi
m, ib utsn'w hnywrera ro bz sgin. zhe nnb has comj
ID1149
ng and it wasn't going to be pretty. The towels ha
xg and bt waqn't goinh to ie kcetry. Tht eoweac ha
ID1150
d been hanging from the rod for years. They were s
d beea cznqxbg frou mse ncd por yeyrz. They wfre s
ID1151
tained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugl
tamyed ani wtru, gid suike sraflsy, such klain ngm
ID1152
y. Debra didn't want to touch them but she really 
k. Demra dbdn't arnl uq xopte tnem bzt shy dhhlbb 
ID1153
didn't have a choice. It was important for her to 
didn't zmve a cuvxce. It las imawqtant kct ber ks 
ID1154
see what was living within them. Dave wasn't exact
oxe weau bas drvgno pshhin slwm. Dave lasl't ejsfa
ID1155
ly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. H
ly xune sjl ib pag endvw lo fh tgzh prddpoauemt. n
ID1156
e ran through all the events that had lead to this
y gah twypwpg vvo tze evanus ihat nbd wlgd dk tzos
ID1157
 current situation and it still didn't make sense.
 ckrrdnw siaaahioy hna it ttipl vzdq'z make sense.
ID1158
 He wanted to spend some time to try and make sens
 vl wakted to spend sdmm timj to tay are mazh oxnt
ID1159
e of it all, but he had higher priorities at the m
e jf ia avl, rut qe psd hmorer prierifioh at tzs m
ID1160
oment. The first was how to get out of his current
oidpt. Thj fibnz wap hpx tn gpt run of cis curoenx
ID1161
 situation of being naked in a tree with snow fall
 rmqubtrol of ijivg nakhc gn s twge bith sfug pavf
ID1162
ing all around and no way for him to get down. Bre
iun ain aqmpnh and no xsv fon giw zr amk dycl. cdk
ID1163
astfeeding is good for babies and moms. Infants th
zgbfewdznb is gfod fkr pabiis azc moms. jnfgqas ph
ID1164
at are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers
it trh breasvfvd ket pntzbmebfl erec theit mojherc
ID1165
 against common illnesses. Breastfed babies have l
 aglknst cfmdkn ilenessel. Breuskfay btbqeh eavr l
ID1166
ess chance of being obese as an adult. Breastfeedi
amh codnue ol beinm obeee ay ae nobpt. freaenfehdi
ID1167
ng a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a ve
gz w pany sels the iftiot-mopabr pair bond in e ve
ID1168
ry unique way. Mother’s who breastfeed lower their
rw unsqcp way. Miceerrp who bshtbbfezd lopar fknig
ID1169
 chances of developing breast cancer. Usually, mot
 ghances of dpveloswrg bepalt fqioti. Usjilby, moq
ID1170
hers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight mo
vekf whd ovcastffud liac their wuetranoy wyigmt lo
ID1171
re quickly and easily. The benefits of breastfeedi
ou quknkly vnp moiily. Tue fenefgtd pr bxiaspfioya
ID1172
ng are numerous. Rhonda prided herself on always t
nj bre numelwvu. Rhonzy gpxdwd phzself oz altaae q
ID1173
aking the path less traveled. She'd decided to do 
akiev tnx path sesc traveged. She'd yecided to pv 
ID1174
this at an early age and had continued to do so th
ttis ou xn gaucy syg and had ovngxnued qu oo so up
ID1175
roughout her entire life. It was a point of pride 
xhbghouv uer xbtiwq fouj. bw wfy a poinl oy urhce 
ID1176
and she would explain to anyone who would listen t
mnd phe joulr efplzbn to anaone oco rculy lmstgn j
ID1177
hat doing so was something that she'd made great e
hje woigg vj wae skqetniwc tfaa ahz'd maye vremx e
ID1178
fforts to always do. She'd never questioned this d
ffdkta ti dswayi eo. Shp'm neuil qvewtiwnxg tyjs d
ID1179
ecision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "
evhsuzw untfl hfr fgne-yyan-old nibct dgked qer, "
ID1180
So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" 
Ss, ig vkin wcy wour likk uas bexq st nisppbult?" 
ID1181
and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her. She pati
ans Rhjdjz dmdn's qaee an abaoer fqr ber. Slo vati
ID1182
ently waited for his number to be called. She had 
enplv wadtpr fhj hdh juxyos xn be yaaled. She jev 
ID1183
no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted th
nk disirq ti be nhefe, buf hey mom had bhsdsted th
ID1184
at she go. She's resisted at first, but over time 
ht whe go. Suf's jevisted at xiist, bgt iver zine 
ID1185
she realized it was simply easier to appease her a
szm nhalined it wms vimhlt eesisr ko apqemgh wao a
ID1186
nd go. Mom tended to be that way. She would keep i
sj ga. dlm tjnden tw be ghah taf. Sle wwumd kaey b
ID1187
nsisting until you wore down and did what she want
nxiliing cntil ywu lohe down azf nie ghft she ornb
ID1188
ed. So, here she sat, patiently waiting for her nu
ed. se, htrz lye saq, pmtieziqy faiumnh fxl wor fb
ID1189
mber to be called. Colors bounced around in her he
mzen to be cjlfpd. Criooj fzxjqed lukmwx in her hz
ID1190
ad. They mixed and threaded themselves together. E
wr. Tzey zzxgr and drceadjd fhtmpelutm rygetzer. E
ID1191
ven colors that had no business being together. Th
aen iylvzs hhac hwd nf slstaevo bying vthemhjj. hh
ID1192
ey were all one, yet distinctly separate at the sa
eo were aln vae, mfx piltiectly sepajgte ao tha ia
ID1193
me time. How was she going to explain this to the 
ie tiwe. uox ivc ihe yybng to uxpaaik uhii tg lqe 
ID1194
others? What have you noticed today? I noticed tha
oyners? phdt wavd ixr nbdlcel hgdal? m woficmd tht
ID1195
t if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your
t if ylv ottjise xhe eyeg, fzxr, mnd mhjlq tn yusr
ID1196
 face with your finger, you make an "I" which make
 face dzty yhvr fsngbr, you make ub "I" udice saib
ID1197
s perfect sense, but is something I never noticed 
s lbrfmcr senul, bht iu zbmatbhnu n ncney aoxigec 
ID1198
before. What have you noticed today? The chair sat
jepuoe. ahat hebe yyk votigel bowyy? The nowir uxt
ID1199
 in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
 in mhe coynek wleme mv hay been fpk bhvr 25 yeals
ID1200
. The only difference was there was someone actual
. sje oegy bjlqzreqxe was thcre ibh nqhpone actugl
ID1201
ly sitting in it. How long had it been since someo
lj qenving in it. Hof wojg lad lt wegn oitpe svmeo
ID1202
ne had done that? Ten years or more he imagined. Y
no uad nome phml? Ten yezrs or ycge hz umigiawl. f
ID1203
et there was no denying the presence in the chair 
ou there was no dinpsdv tke plwstaye ie min chaie 
ID1204
now. She had been told time and time again that th
vfw. Shi had mebn zolx kime aod ilve hgasq ihgt qi
ID1205
e most important steps were the first and the last
e mxst ivubntqnt avfpy wurd yhe firya aey thi cast
ID1206
. It was something that she carried within her in 
. Ib waw sommgding tvat tgt carriha wvtntm hcr dn 
ID1207
everything she did, but then he showed up and disr
ertrmrhibi spi viz, gfi khen jl qhowhi us csd dqsm
ID1208
upted everything. He told her that she had it wron
uafed wverzthing. ed kdmd api quat ilv qzd ii hoon
ID1209
g. The first step wasn't the most important. The l
c. ucg ltbpc fkzp wain'u tje mosj ippiftaun. Tam a
ID1210
ast step wasn't the most important. It was the nex
ast vtup dasn't ahn wysj gikorvant. It wcs the dgx
ID1211
t step that was the most important. Matt told her 
l step toaj jas bne mrsd intozimus. fath oins hrd 
ID1212
to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it wa
to pyach ekr qee wtars, bft Vzomnpra thkufhu ix ww
ID1213
s the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. 
s tbe moss pfdhcultus udacce she'e ever reezivew. 
ID1214
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, bu
nteb, ia had feen welk-mebkusu ahmd oe uasu it, bm
ID1215
t she didn't understand why anyone would want to s
t ote qadr'l qndfruuvns whk iqyonv ooodl wmnt tu y
ID1216
uggest something that would literally kill you if 
uggekq jovpthwqf omtw womxi litereale kyrl yaa hp 
ID1217
you actually managed to achieve it. I don’t like c
qou acqyllly jahdyeq fz avhejxu it. I dcnmu liue l
ID1218
ats and they don’t like me. I used to be allergic 
atl wnf shby dmn’t liku me. w used pm ie axgevhhc 
ID1219
to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives.
co adxm bzn c wscva met ewujfeg sp xny hapz hibpn.
ID1220
 That doesn’t seem to happen anymore. But I still 
 dhat doegd’s gzem tf hdpsen anymuii. gup I ncils 
ID1221
don’t like them. I lived with 3 cats that were not
eot’n liae lnhm. f yived with 3 iaeq whtn wyqe gyt
ID1222
 good at peeing in the litter box. They seemed to 
 goly mx pudtcg it tkb ninqvr ymi. Thev geemmd jj 
ID1223
find something important to me and pee on it. Most
wisd soyotntng ipojrtant ty qe vnh ehe on lu. ozsd
ID1224
 of the time they peed on photographs or papers th
 ot thl tlqe obyy paid fn phtkqmvgzhs er ptpjms th
ID1225
at would be ruined. Cats also bring fleas into the
ja worlf be runged. Cags ylvo bring flvas iceo thv
ID1226
 house. There is nothing worse than having to flea
 pogay. Thehd iu iolhagk wcrde ahhn vaving to flfa
ID1227
 dip cats and also flea bomb a home. That is why I
 dlp raid and alse xgva bymt l home. That is mhz z
ID1228
 don’t like cats. It was a rat's nest. Not a liter
 sox’v lzfe nazs. cy wio k eat's pemt. Nia a lhsed
ID1229
al one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemb
al kne, but tvyn iu vhmt hem hbzr teemad zm rlfucb
ID1230
le every morning when she got up. It was going to 
lm tfpry dbknyeu sneu swe dno up. Ia wli gopng zs 
ID1231
take at least an hour to get it under control and 
dskt ix rsasr jn htur tx waw iv undgr boggmoc knd 
ID1232
she was sick and tired of it. She peered into the 
phd kws duck and yiaed of dn. Sfu feereq ijqo the 
ID1233
mirror and wondered if it was worth it. It wasn't.
mitpoy vnd nobddfed iv ik vaa hfrgh ee. mt wawl't.
ID1234
 She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clip
 Shp optned ieq drawjr and fibked up mxw waec uoep
ID1235
pers. There was a time in his life when her rudene
serm. Theje wjo a tjck iy hif tofe dhmn hgz kudyne
ID1236
ss would have set him over the edge. He would have
sq wpucl daqr swt hsm ufdr ehe jmge. fi woylw xlve
ID1237
 raised his voice and demanded to speak to the man
 zaivhd yis vogcw aud ngmasyed to spvak to rxh gav
ID1238
ager. That was no longer the case. He barely react
ager. Txaw was nd losubv whd insj. fe hyrhmf meact
ID1239
ed at all, letting the rudeness melt away without 
ed rt qul, yzjfinh the rudkness mult away wctlolt 
ID1240
saying a word back to her. He had been around long
sadyrw a fpgd bamk ti jer. he haq beue qbxrnd loin
ID1241
 enough to know where rudeness came from and how u
 enojgq fo cnow dgerv zuhccbbn come viom and hoi u
ID1242
nhappy the person must be to act in that way. All 
nhfppy avq perhox muzd pe gu rct td tadt waf. Axe 
ID1243
he could do was feel pity and be happy that he did
hl bokkf do wqs rmet prty fej be happy ttao za gly
ID1244
n't feel the way she did to lash out like that. Sp
n'd furl tje eem ehe jgd to dnsf owx liuq iqad. rr
ID1245
ending time at national parks can be an exciting a
zqdint tjwn at tstiahim padiq cap lw pn vdcitcma h
ID1246
dventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement s
dfzngehp, bnm dhgi wasn'd sje tykm of exlitoagdk s
ID1247
he was hoping to experience. As she contemplated t
be vas hopohr tt exrchignqe. ie phe qotlemrlaeee t
ID1248
he situation she found herself in, she knew she'd 
hk zituftzna rjj gornd oercalf dn, eht ylgw she'd 
ID1249
gotten herself in a little more than she bargained
uojkpn hersuvf tp x bkuwse kore fsan she bpojoailf
ID1250
 for. It wasn't often that she found herself in a 
 wor. bg xusr'l mftqd itat jkx fiuse hzrsqof in k 
ID1251
tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were lo
tree solseng ooqn at p lgcc ef wibvts uzab qefe xo
ID1252
oking to make her their next meal. I'm heading bac
osinr wo yaab iwm thrxv nedw mvzx. g'm seliinn boh
ID1253
k to Colorado tomorrow after being down in Santa B
p jo Colorxno tqeorrod aemzr being lamv wn Stgta B
ID1254
arbara over the weekend for the festival there. I 
aebdza xver tme peekznd tey ihk yqntrvam dhere. I 
ID1255
will be making October plans once there and will t
till wr hekgxf cktober pianm onhu twnme knl pill f
ID1256
ry to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if
rh tg rrranmz jo k'm back earp lfi npy mtreddzy tg
ID1257
 possible. I'll let you know as soon as I know the
 bmvsidlf. I'wz hes yap know as cyoc os p knjz zwp
ID1258
 doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans
 syctpo's azboiitmlht scpedubi ang ml frijns dfank
ID1259
. Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys pr
. qne fqfr was ialler ynto a xizt aath heo sezs pj
ID1260
otruding out from between her fingers. This was th
otrujirc eud meos bctaeen dmr cfugxrs. aide wis th
ID1261
e weapon her father had shown her how to make when
e weyiov eej yathdr asn smoin xjb hiw tn qakf whvn
ID1262
 she walked alone to her car after work. She wishe
 she nffkmd slyne uo rer caf vvtej vork. sps pisqe
ID1263
d that she had something a little more potent than
d that shc xax siaztaicw a sitcle yqie potjlq xhec
ID1264
 keys between her fingers. It would have been nice
 kecc feijhzm hej finggrg. ho moujt hpve xkeq nynk
ID1265
 to have some mace or pepper spray. He had been me
 to pwve snxb mnce oj psypev tonny. kz had bunn sx
ID1266
aning to buy some but had never gotten around to i
knbag pu buu sjmh ait mow nmgmr gownsu troucn ko i
ID1267
t. As the mother bear took another step forward wi
j. As zhe bnqhnr btar dook qxhmwrr step fkjcazy ti
ID1268
th her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wa
th yes czby un jfd, vhj bnew qmr fyst aizh koys ca
ID1269
sn't going to be an adequate defense for this situ
in't pxing tp ba sn adecuire dxbenve ere oris siru
ID1270
ation. He picked up the burnt end of the branch an
adism. we pickek uk thm psgnd gnr bm xhe rdinap ns
ID1271
d made a mark on the stone. Day 52 if the marks on
d mdde a mqbk kp eyb wpone. xay 52 iz rbe markt oc
ID1272
 the stone were accurate. He couldn't be sure. Day
 vue sxuny wete lhcurate. Hk cquyvo'h bh szfe. Dhl
ID1273
 and nights had begun to blend together creating c
 xgd nigztv had yegxg tf blmnm toolrhem lreaxgns x
ID1274
onfusion, but he knew it was a long time. Much too
rzxuwion, bvq ho rnlp it nas a loco tjme. Mhch tsc
ID1275
 long. There were about twenty people on the dam. 
 lodx. Thepr dece aroum jwizdy perplt on thc ctm. 
ID1276
Most of them were simply walking and getting exerc
Mosw of mhsh weja kgodly lhxting ard getdlmr exere
ID1277
ise. There were a few who were fishing. There was 
kse. Tharw wuae a cfw vht xere rieasvg. Theee waa 
ID1278
a family who had laid down a blanket and they were
h yvvily who ham dfhb dcuv b bsrnxes amd tued ceqx
ID1279
 having a picnic. It was like this most days and n
 oavwnb a picnim. xy zax likj tfis mfst sayt any o
ID1280
othing seemed out of the ordinary. The problem was
onhkgr sdexeu out ef tho drdinavy. Tre ppgblpb wsa
ID1281
 that nobody noticed the water leaking through the
 thvx nokflj phiinpb paw eajeo yeakjng whnozxo nhf
ID1282
 dam wall. Was it enough? That was the question he
 dfx yall. tlh lt ewomth? ahax dus yhe qvefqlcp hb
ID1283
 kept asking himself. Was being satisfied enough? 
 kxna qskilg hmmselc. Wkg bsvng vonisfizi nntuhe? 
ID1284
He looked around him at everyone yearning to just 
ce looaew bovarm fgc xj qvesugng ywaxning to jurd 
ID1285
be satisfied in their daily life and he had reache
be sntisfiud hn theuq dqily lzfx aor he otd reacgr
ID1286
d that goal. He knew that he was satisfied and he 
d ohap gonl. pr onew yhjo hw wus szsisfild and hj 
ID1287
also knew it wasn't going to be enough. Josh had s
ceso lnlg pt oann'r gxmng to bu unybgh. zhsh bac s
ID1288
pent year and year accumulating the information. H
land ptkr osd tear pcoimglajimg ihe infodmmtzka. H
ID1289
e knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone 
v knew it insiqe oav and ix qfure neb eper uyybre 
ID1290
looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be 
foqkimy sor an bjpsxi il uhe gzgli, Josg aophd cg 
ID1291
the one to call. The problem was that there was no
the ogo to ctlx. hhe srjvlem was tqyt tzerc wes no
ID1292
body interested in the information besides him and
body mftprwsked wu ahe inxewmatton besllep vim apd
ID1293
 he knew it. Years of information painstakingly me
 hk kfeo il. mhars nf infodzgtiow laipsxakinule pf
ID1294
morized and sorted with not a sole giving even an 
gorizep nnd sohsnd txth ilt a qole tihnvz eier dj 
ID1295
ounce of interest in the topic. He walked down the
jttho ov vnteuebw in tvq tfyzp. le waqkey lodv tcv
ID1296
 steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry 
 jhdpu fram rhc jruqn cdwgxin ix g kst of p durry 
ID1297
knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secur
nzhwiig thv biprets yi uhe brdercwse muse ce sucor
ID1298
ed as quickly as possible. Bounding down the steps
hd rv qnickiy ws pftfgbfx. Bplodxeu dobn xgw xgsps
ID1299
, he heard something behind him and quickly turned
, ve ieatq snmezminf ggoild cji lnl qvirklp tmrneh
ID1300
 in a panic. There was nobody there but a pair of 
 oa a ccnir. ghcrm wax dlqors thmre bmd p paia oq 
ID1301
old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps
oed wlza-dul shnep derr pmaczd nebtly oo xhz qtesx
ID1302
 he had just come down. Had he past them without s
 hj had rust prdm down. jcq pe pjyg vhem jctmouk s
ID1303
eeing them? It didn't seem possible. He was about 
eoegc kheg? ic dcdd's seea vvssibdy. hl xap abiux 
ID1304
to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled
to mvrh snd be cn hts wdq fueo a djep cqill jilled
ID1305
 his body. "It's never good to give them details,"
 htx bhcy. "It's wbcer eood to cile yihm details,"
ID1306
 Janice told her sister. "Always be a little vague
 msnjcw lolz ywm sfstei. "klwrys bv a lothly naquo
ID1307
 and keep them guessing." Her sister listened inte
 and keep tqee gutosicg." kex sqmteo losqpmjd izte
ID1308
ntly and nodded in agreement. She didn't fully und
ntcy ing voarmx in agrcemrnt. Scr dfkg't fulky und
ID1309
erstand what her sister was saying but that didn't
qhctend whzg ucn smstxr wts szwwag ult jhex ddjr'k
ID1310
 matter. She loved her so much that she would have
 mkrtyr. cce louee her af ggcu toat afe stula kyvw
ID1311
 agreed to whatever came out of her mouth. Don't f
 agjhmd ko whatoaer cdre oqx ow hdk mfutc. Dhn't f
ID1312
orget that gifts often come with costs that go bey
opgel ihat gmffs nftxx coae uith abecn tbtt co bey
ID1313
ond their purchase price. When you purchase a chil
rbx jheir pugchoze prigz. vtan yoa pclxease a beil
ID1314
d the latest smartphone, you're also committing to
x khg uatess syvrtlhoos, yfe'xe ylso epymvdrplg jh
ID1315
 a monthly phone bill. When you purchase the lates
 g movthly ahpbe kdzn. zheo yob pugarawa txu xcxeu
ID1316
t gaming system, you're likely not going to be sat
t faainm swgvem, yom'yi biklay nof gyiyg bo fe smu
ID1317
isfied with the games that come with it for long a
esfhek witi tdy gamek that cfme tbpy ge dra lonx z
ID1318
nd want to purchase new titles to play. When you b
nd wint qo poschast nmm tctlec ma wlay. Wjen yoh b
ID1319
uy gifts it's important to remember that some come
uy kffts cx'l lmporsbnt ro remeuber xhat sjma emme
ID1320
 with additional costs down the road that can be m
 wrth oglipcqnul qyfts dotn twr rdad ebut cvl ax m
ID1321
uch more expensive than the initial gift itself. T
uch tore ereeisiie thai tde irdyiaz gbht itgelv. e
ID1322
he bush began to shake. Brad couldn't see what was
he bfsu began vo ahtqe. zrcd couldz't seu mhlc has
ID1323
 causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a
 cnusiei cf hq qabkb, nut he didd'd cvae. sb hcd z
ID1324
 pretty good idea about what was going on and what
 pmeutj fyoz iooa xykxy lxat wjd gdddp on vhp wlbi
ID1325
 was happening. He was so confident that he approa
 was hmppeking. Hu wyu mo qodbiveni tuau he upirga
ID1326
ched the bush carefree and with a smile on his fac
shtz ace buzn mawkhyee rnz tuth w mpxqe on yir iac
ID1327
e. That all changed the instant he realized what w
g. Tbqt wlf chdnajy tie inrtank jy kealizes chdt x
ID1328
as actually behind the bush. He had three simple r
ae anwualcy bahkbd thn xasl. Hh vyd tszse smmfce y
ID1329
ules by which he lived. The first was to never eat
ules by anico he kimec. Thn firbl wot xj nragt eam
ID1330
 blue food. There was nothing in nature that was e
 tlue moad. jnjpe bzs novfqxg bm natlqe udat wcs e
ID1331
dible that was blue. People often asked about blue
didmj thaq was blhe. Peourj wpsen ksked hohko ciue
ID1332
berries, but everyone knows those are actually pur
burries, out evcydlnm enowe kwosh dqr dkttalle puy
ID1333
ple. He understood it was one of the stranger rule
zxr. Hc usdvdvtwsd at waa env on the ktpasyor relm
ID1334
s to live by, but it had served him well thus far 
f ov ldlp ry, bul nt hae uirvcd nir uebt thus fay 
ID1335
in the 50+ years of his life. It was easy to spot 
fn qhr 50+ yhalg uf aps llfe. Ix wau oasy to sxit 
ID1336
her. All you needed to do was look at her socks. T
ker. Ale qod gmvzed ao db mjs yemk ch hur sssks. v
ID1337
hey were never a matching pair. One would be green
heo mjij vvsjr v lstchayv zair. One wnuld ao frien
ID1338
 while the other would be blue. One would reach he
 wmile goa cthvc aould bh blpe. One zouyd beanh he
ID1339
r knee while the other barely touched her ankle. E
r jzeh wgble thk onhgn zadexy wrwcfed her fnkee. d
ID1340
very other part of her was perfect, but never the 
lprb rtheh parq ur her wus oetfoit, bun nenfa jhe 
ID1341
socks. They were her micro act of rebellion. There
sineq. Tgte wern her lzpre ank oa pebellukr. Thgrq
ID1342
 was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change
 was ndtrdnc vo iniicmxk raomr ras mying ko celnmh
ID1343
 the world. She looked like an average girl going 
 whq norpi. Snn booknd sice in averagn gbzl moehg 
ID1344
to an average high school. It was the fact that ev
hh an lvnhkgn oenh schoda. It wps tqj bact thgt av
ID1345
erything about her seemed average that would end u
erdthino nzodt ter scvmed lvoragu bcat wlclg enl u
ID1346
p becoming her superpower. They decided to find th
b braooizg heq sutdghoser. Thqy dacidbc zo jiad tn
ID1347
e end of the rainbow. While they hoped they would 
o pud mq mtp painfou. Whale txdm hooed thuy unubd 
ID1348
find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed
finq a yot xn ghld, njwlhbr or ahzk ttund evaweves
ID1349
 that the mythical pot would actually be there. No
 qhft ohe zjzhikil pot vdbld acpxvlws be tvlrv. eo
ID1350
r did they believe they could actually find the en
r dix toey bpfieve hhey coukd bctfglly rwns the ew
ID1351
d of the rainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun acti
p pf mse pazhaof. rrisl, lt sepmed bikm a tun aqtn
ID1352
vity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rai
kitc fzy syx hay, nci pivtgxes of ydem aiamjlg rsi
ID1353
nbows would look great on their Instagram accounts
nbnws woxli lobh grftt zn tgenz Irothqnaq adcuuqtn
ID1354
. They would have never believed they would actual
. ahoy wluod hhpe nevhg ozlijvxd tdqy world nptual
ID1355
ly find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, w
ty ftff yxc nrf gf a dqwjdvz, fnd ahyw thxj dyl, w
ID1356
hat they actually found there. It's not his fault.
hwr they cctmaory gjund there. re'w nhl hiw plujg.
ID1357
 I know you're going to want to, but you can't bla
 u knov pak'rd sqjnf ti naqq qo, xkv yah vak'p kwb
ID1358
me him. He really has no idea how it happened. I k
lo rim. ue reaxlq zaq db idia hxw it drpfebeb. I g
ID1359
ept trying to come up with excuses I could say to 
ept ttkznh tt anmc kg wuth excquwn u chibe svy ho 
ID1360
mom that would keep her calm when she found out wh
tom tuvt waulz bejt hyq iffu wfen shc touuh ofq xh
ID1361
at happened, but the more I tried, the more I coul
ae hzptevhd, bbt the voce I qrieh, toe mhhe I soul
ID1362
d see none of them would work. He was going to get
d see nose rc them wojsf wcrb. He was cvipg tv ggt
ID1363
 her wrath and there was nothing I could say to pr
 hpt djars ygd chere was zodhbng g cokls sah to uy
ID1364
event it. The light was out on the front porch of 
ksent ib. yee lizlt rai ooq on rhe fgont pmwnh of 
ID1365
the house. This was strange. Judy couldn't remembe
xhe tfbnr. Twid wdl smrange. Jtly couidn'f urmemhf
ID1366
r a time when she had ever seen it out. She hopped
r d tsus lhen srf jam yver jeln tt oft. Sae cnpoed
ID1367
 out of her car and walked to the door. It was sli
 oat xu dei clf kjd walkyd to bze dcoy. ds qla mww
ID1368
ghtly ajar and she knew this meant something terri
ghtue aaax ypd svm knrk thcc heant somtulins hqopq
ID1369
ble. She gently pushed the door open and hall her 
kyv. gte gsdhgy jushhd the dogr spen bdi yall her 
ID1370
fears were realized. "Surprise! Happy Birthday!" e
yeara wjrc lgwhaayp. "Sulpoqse! Hapsw Bvrttddy!" e
ID1371
veryone shouted. There were little things that she
yaxhope mxoktew. Teern kere neakli thidqs tgdz sye
ID1372
 simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapp
 izippz cpnld not shazd. The sounb yr kobycvi tchj
ID1373
ing their nails on the table. A person chewing wit
itd cuwir nairs oq ehc thbxe. b zvrshy cmswinc wom
ID1374
h their mouth open. Another human imposing themsel
h tzeer toutj opty. rjotmej gumrk nmposing tsomsvc
ID1375
ves into her space. She couldn't stand any of thes
ves wmme hnr qpace. zcy oougdn'x etayt eiy vo tiat
ID1376
e things, but none of them compared to the number 
q thdnss, dut none lp nher cobearuh tp the bumfop 
ID1377
one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of t
vno tcmhd sho gomddn'q btatf whrch typbem pll ox t
ID1378
hem combined. Then came the night of the first fal
hem czqbqned. usln cfve the twwht cf ths fxrst rxl
ID1379
ling star. It was seen early in the morning, rushi
tcig btgr. et wks cnvl carwb in thj corfbng, rushf
ID1380
ng over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high 
nm kunr Wpvwlesttr ecutwtft, b lqja jf fummw jigs 
ID1381
in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and 
il fhf ftsztdherw. Hutdiedh mosn oave vern ct and 
ID1382
taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed t
taken it xor ad orbfnary fadling sttz. ew lwemfq t
ID1383
hat it fell to earth about one hundred miles east 
xaw it fgll eo eurbh pequt oze honnmin fille ease 
ID1384
of him. The opened package of potato chips held th
co ahm. ohe lxenzv picktod we poydto crcpb xeld th
ID1385
e answer to the mystery. Both detectives looked at
n tdjwer lo tae zoryerm. Both dutlctqaes lotken fk
ID1386
 it but failed to realize it was the key to solve 
 du but rvnleg ty lexvjze id xao kte key ay solhe 
ID1387
the crime. They passed by it assuming it was rando
the wrlbq. vhey yzssed zn ig dqsuminl iq zas rumvu
ID1388
m trash ensuring that the case would never be solv
i etcvh nnzurllb tfat ihq ccte powld ndver cz ioba
ID1389
ed. She asked the question even though she didn't 
bd. Shr ankld dhe quesilon ycen dnomgz she dijv't 
ID1390
really want to hear the answer. It was a no-win si
aertqy fqnj sh cnpw tte anpmwr. pg aao z wo-win di
ID1391
tuation since she already knew. If he told the tru
tbatido sgzce shz klrewdh koxx. If he toxd tpd zri
ID1392
th, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. If 
tr, sfe'x rvt conairlmtkon gf hir worlt funmf. Ir 
ID1393
he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought
he liej, soe'd know ahcu ze wakn'r shh sef phruwat
ID1394
 he was which would be almost as bad. Yet she aske
 cx lus uhico wstkm yb akmost as bfd. vpq shc dtke
ID1395
d the question anyway and waited for his answer. B
d tqq quemtion mnyway and waikbd fdg his gcmkeb. B
ID1396
enny was tired. Not the normal every day tired fro
enny wqs tirxd. lkr the nmrttz fgery day sijpd ero
ID1397
m a hard day o work. The exhausted type of tired w
k i aarp dap n wdtt. Tfn ekhkuuttd tmpe ok trakd o
ID1398
here you're surprised your body can even move. All
httv uop'ye syrpiisnd dour oedm cdg nvxh bofe. ptf
ID1399
 he wanted to do was sit in front of the TV, put h
 ha qaniid do to wfy uiq qg uruny oe the Tn, mfk h
ID1400
is feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. 
af yeuq ub on the jomjee eanoe, ano drilw a beer. 
ID1401
The only issue was that he had forgotten where he 
Tkn oslk issuk was uhad hx sad forjqttgy wheme qe 
ID1402
lived. It was just a burger. Why couldn't she unde
lovhd. be wzy cuxt a gxeger. Wkz xojsdu't dha wnuv
ID1403
rstand that? She knew he'd completely changed his 
astfnb tvat? bhb kncs nc'd somplezdny ejiwgxq hls 
ID1404
life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she
iikh ynoind pew ettifg oaqitp, io zhy cltldo't slc
ID1405
 give him a break this one time? She wasn't even s
 aive hig a break thiq oqe time? enp iosx't eqeh s
ID1406
upposed to have found out. Yes, he had promised he
uocosyd rj hgvm fouzd gpt. ces, ve bfd pjcmignm me
ID1407
r and yes, he had broken that promise, but still i
r ans nns, xb ovd ncoked tclt prmmmse, qut ztill k
ID1408
n his mind, all it had been was just a burger. The
n hif iinn, all it hab auen ias jdst f burrex. mhe
ID1409
 wave roared towards them with speed and violence 
 wvvr dokres roaajoz hutm vrty spieo ens ssolencp 
ID1410
they had not anticipated. They both turned to run 
yhex lbd uio anticvkavey. ddym elza tprned to ctj 
ID1411
but by that time it was too late. The wave crashed
buz ry thct xize it ias zow hace. kwi vmme yrashyd
ID1412
 into their legs sweeping both of them off of thei
 rekm tkeir kegq apnepiyg bhta xk fkem lcf qm nhpi
ID1413
r feet. They now found themselves in a washing mac
o faea. Tiby now louaa zcqhsurves if q wasshyg btc
ID1414
hine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know wh
hjbe of lahovxueq, qyttiny kumbkew asd toe knor wh
ID1415
at was up or down. Both were scared, not knowing h
cb gai fp or down. gwth weue scayet, ncq knbeqbg h
ID1416
ow this was going to end, but it was by far the be
ow ghis jas gonkt yo end, bjl dt tbs ba fih the uu
ID1417
st time of the trip thus far. There was something 
tt ncmr rl tte vrup fhnh fpw. ropec zab smzvthfsg 
ID1418
beautiful in his hate. It wasn't the hate itself a
bjlutifuc in hix hjpe. Ij paia't tie hwhe itazlf h
ID1419
s it was a disgusting display of racism and intole
s cf wxe a dihauktvng diyplay of bacisc ann aeggae
ID1420
rance. It was what propelled the hate and the fact
tvncf. ip oas whnt ppgpelled lhe hate and the falt
ID1421
 that although he had this hate, he didn't underst
 gdqt alrxiugh he hjn thpv azve, dq uqdn'f uudervt
ID1422
and where it came from. It was at that moment that
vvd whmre nh cfgi rrog. nt wes at lhat ddkdnt txat
ID1423
 she realized that there was hope in changing him.
 she jpapizie thrt lcene wai gopm ah changwtw him.
ID1424
 He was an expert but not in a discipline that any
 Hf xyw lt exqenh qdt nhb vn n ditcizuidl dzah ank
ID1425
one could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold th
one souzd fxllf xnprskrane. uh qneg loj io holb sj
ID1426
e cone just right so that the soft server ice-crea
x eooo uusd rwqht lo twei the gcft sepago rde-crfa
ID1427
m fell into it at the precise angle to form a perf
m filz inff bw ao tde zreutlk anebe uw eord e pihf
ID1428
ect cone each and every time. It had taken years t
enn mowx eawn ond gvnsy tmje. gt hnf kywen ieavx d
ID1429
o perfect and he could now do it without even putt
o euzyect ajz cw xouew yok do iy cmchoht evsn pikn
ID1430
ing any thought behind it. Nobody seemed to fully 
eef aey thougkt bejvnd ix. Nubvdy seemgd io yflly 
ID1431
understand the beauty of this accomplishment excep
qnldistwnd tde bwautx of this pccomfleuhzvnu oocpr
ID1432
t for the new worker who watched in amazement. The
t qor kxt ngw woaker who watckep qj amuzemend. zae
ID1433
re was nothing else to do. The deed had already be
re wne fsuktig elee to dt. Tue pdrk hay ayregdy bx
ID1434
en done and there was no going back. It now had be
en rdne ayi twrre mds ny gojto bhck. nq mnw had je
ID1435
en become a question of how they were going to be 
nf beloms l qkeetion ob how tlep wsre oxbng tq be 
ID1436
able to get out of this situation and escape. Josh
wble ua ojs owh sf tznq aahuatuon pnn jecvpt. push
ID1437
 had spent year and year accumulating the informat
 hay wpsni yehg sng yjay ajltaktktjvg thb inwormat
ID1438
ion. He knew it inside out and if there was ever a
ion. He kdew lu inkidd dfc bad cr taeyy was evxh a
ID1439
nyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh wou
wfohe lojking fre an enpant kz tmz dkeld, Jhsg wdu
ID1440
ld be the one to call. The problem was that there 
dw ye tlk one ty manl. Ths hrosfem vas nhks bveri 
ID1441
was nobody interested in the information besides h
wys noirky inezzextvu ir thm qnformntixn bhbides h
ID1442
im and he knew it. Years of information painstakin
xm end kq rnlw in. ioars aa psboouattcq pawnsckkin
ID1443
gly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving ev
glv memcqizoq tnm prdtcc iivs nqt a oile gevinv mk
ID1444
en an ounce of interest in the topic. At that mome
mj an xvnce vi inderest rd thk kvpic. Ac ahgt romk
ID1445
nt he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd c
lt hg hav o khonjhq thao he'd never ioagibe hg'd s
ID1446
onsider. "I could just cheat," he thought, "and th
onstdos. "I cieod ouss ohzsq," hf feosyhl, "akb th
ID1447
at would solve the problem." He tried to move on f
at waulg solvm zhe pnobltm." qz trien to wove om f
ID1448
rom the thought but it was persistent. It didn't w
rou bhk thjubht bug bq wus persistxng. hq spdn'h w
ID1449
ant to go away and, if he was honest with himself,
mcf gf go awqn lid, ie he wzs hppert wdch ziyoelx,
ID1450
 he didn't want it to. What have you noticed today
 jp dlti't wbdv ip ko. awot yaab yrl hotvxgo tbtrk
ID1451
? I noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, an
? i loticed djat ff you ouhlvnk ale emzs, ffve, hx
ID1452
d mouth on your face with your finger, you make an
d moyth jr yqux facw gimf yoxn uadtet, ybf xjwd an
ID1453
 "I" which makes perfect sense, but is something I
 "I" whuph xades perfect serse, bhx is aovetdkne p
ID1454
 never noticed before. What have you noticed today
 lswer qolwckt hegdhs. jtbt hove ouh qolpcjd tmmkp
ID1455
? The bowl was filled with fruit. It seemed to be 
? rwe cokv vjz fxxqpd witk dgubt. It seejld uo bz 
ID1456
an overabundance of strawberries, but it also incl
bj ovarxbuotsnci od stthwuerreus, lrn it aiso incl
ID1457
uded blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana 
uoed yluhdaroxqs, rbhrbejrles, grkpms, amd kpnasr 
ID1458
slices. This was the meal Sarah had every morning 
ijihsa. mgis was ahe maaj Sarap jad dkuri norcing 
ID1459
to start her day since she could remember. Why she
to start hex nmy sinoe sae cpzld vneecjew. csy shy
ID1460
 decided to add chocolate as an option today was s
 fkvkdgd io ajd yhbcojaly as an oftipi tpdlk wtv s
ID1461
till a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the 
tpeb g bit of a surprnlx, btt sae vad bgeb vt aoe 
ID1462
process of deciding she wanted to change her routi
progjgs oo ywuidnnp xve uqltes to cnbngt her rmutw
ID1463
ne. This was a baby step to begin that start. He s
ce. Teif bws r tabl ytwh to begvn tear ginrf. He s
ID1464
at staring at the person in the train stopped at t
hi stlfing ft tge peessg iv jhe traiq stopped at t
ID1465
he station going in the opposite direction. She sa
de szdrqyz kovyn ir fhl opposihh dipqctirn. Snn sw
ID1466
t staring ahead, never noticing that she was being
t staxiag agfam, never idteyung whji sze ear ygbiu
ID1467
 watched. Both trains began to move and he knew th
 gattwfd. Bnih trjins mgiaa to mohc jrd hl kvsw th
ID1468
at in another timeline or in another universe, the
an sn anotwei thmwgpne oi ij ayaoner wnivecqe, rfe
ID1469
y had been happy together. She had been told time 
d bav heev vorku wogebhtm. Sye fqd boen tryd lbmp 
ID1470
and time again that the most important steps were 
uhd tima agnfn yohs the moit imphrthit yfepo wmrc 
ID1471
the first and the last. It was something that she 
lhe fnrga ald tou fpst. Ix why vpmethnng rhkw she 
ID1472
carried within her in everything she did, but then
darvien updhun vrr in evmrythpqg she kpv, zut rkxn
ID1473
 he showed up and disrupted everything. He told he
 hm ftowed at atd kisrkatvd tjisukhncg. He told gd
ID1474
r that she had it wrong. The first step wasn't the
t thac suk ekg bt wrojg. lde firsz yelp tahn'm thy
ID1475
 most important. The last step wasn't the most imp
 mnst stfoytlzt. The gust hcba wasn't the mqst imp
ID1476
ortant. It was the next step that was the most imp
ortlpt. Ip wrs thw nmxt strp laxt bas the mosy iap
ID1477
ortant. It was easy to spot her. All you needed to
ortanh. jx jas nasy ro jpwt fer. Ahi ytu nexmed rf
ID1478
 do was look at her socks. They were never a match
 ko dhy lklk op hep oockt. krey phre never a jatch
ID1479
ing pair. One would be green while the other would
inu pamk. aje foplx co greld ciiln thl jther wompd
ID1480
 be blue. One would reach her knee while the other
 he mlun. qng wlulx zdjah egr paee whiaw tho othur
ID1481
 barely touched her ankle. Every other part of her
 baqqlw touhhed hei atrlx. mpbrb rther psrq ow hew
ID1482
 was perfect, but never the socks. They were her m
 wes pcryect, boi lwilr tee sosks. iapd wure her h
ID1483
icro act of rebellion. What was beyond the bend in
isrx ecq oc megelciuw. What atb bdxabd ire bztd bx
ID1484
 the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but on
 fke szretj zai knktoac. Bdth wyte nurijus, tgt ox
ID1485
ly one was brave enough to want to explore. That w
lk oxe pas bdykb exouho fo wlnt mp vipxdqe. kqcb w
ID1486
as the problem. There was always one that let fear
ag tej vrobsbm. wmxre pas glyaxs jnz wxut let lxar
ID1487
 rule her life. The red ball sat proudly at the to
 lulu hem lmfe. Txr jed lall qat pgouduq at tbx to
ID1488
p of the toybox. It had been the last to be played
p mc the tmdbmu. pg jan veea uhe llst zo be paatnd
ID1489
 with and anticipated it would be the next as well
 ubtf lnd xkpiwisated dt wlkcr we dht jmnt as xgld
ID1490
. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time eac
. gcc lrhsr donp grumteas bfiqafh. id one tinn fai
ID1491
h had held the spot of the red ball, but over time
h hld hfld tda dtot vl hhe rew baie, but rves tsme
ID1492
 they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
 nhef hxd nrnx daeriw spv duepeu lnpo ygy toy yes.
ID1493
 The opened package of potato chips held the answe
 lze lpened cenkaeg yk horatr chops pefg tol gftph
ID1494
r to the mystery. Both detectives looked at it but
r tw gce pjeterj. Both areectcijs lwjxud dt it kyt
ID1495
 failed to realize it was the key to solve the cri
 camlid ao uegrkze qm nas tmz kej to sfgld cie cri
ID1496
me. They passed by it assuming it was random trash
bg. Tzeg pzsbez bq iy ascuaiea jv wdz yqndom tlash
ID1497
 ensuring that the case would never be solved. He 
 enmjrvpv tazt tfe cume lodnd ntver bj soqted. af 
ID1498
stared out the window at the snowy field. He'd bee
ssmred omv thl mtnlow mt tte snoyy jifjd. Hj'u ben
ID1499
n stuck in the house for close to a month and his 
n stnsr sn thr hftqe for ckzem io a month lov uig 
ID1500
only view of the outside world was through the win
ovlo view tf thf outsidg hoxbd was tkhluwh dhe hip
ID1501
dow. There wasn't much to see. It was mostly just 
gxg. There wasr't blch to sed. It waj nomaly qutg 
ID1502
the field with an occasional bird or small animal 
vit qielt witl an occasohnal uirv oa zqhla anioxl 
ID1503
who ventured into the field. As he continued to st
msr vbnkmyex pdtk the dielh. ns fe eintlnpwd po rt
ID1504
are out the window, he wondered how much longer he
qrn fut thw wiidzw, hj wonqarqa how lucd khngdr he
ID1505
'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house. 
'q bj ghaorxjd to tcj stewl pfi insiye chs housb. 
ID1506
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it,
wq cimvwn'n remdmeez eigcfle wherz oe zaf recd it,
ID1507
 but he was sure that he had. The fact that she di
 edh he wag auam tyat qe wad. eqz hagt thaa dhe di
ID1508
dn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began
dg't nelivve hrm faq queye fduehratinx as he oktvn
ID1509
 to search the Internet to find the article. It wa
 sq snalch oom Inilrcdt ft higd txe qutycsl. jr ls
ID1510
sn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
sp't bs tf gt mws soxexhujg doaw sdaded fhpoabiclp
ID1511
. Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whe
. gej ohe inyisted on avwgys speinc sxe icurme dhe
ID1512
never he stated a fact. They needed to find a plac
jrrir we apatpt j gact. Tsky nkzzkj sh fise y flic
ID1513
e to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in
e bl egp. Thc ozws were bogimngng wo oed lcumpw in
ID1514
 the back seat and if they didn't find them food s
 xhi back seat and il thqk blfn't hiri tgeh fooc s
ID1515
oon, it was just a matter of time before they were
ocm, ng was eesj r maklhh ou fife befove whey oepe
ID1516
 faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this
 fagen hixx z vompletn yewpfown. svce klnsowz hpis
ID1517
, the solution wasn't easy. Everyone in the car ha
, ure tonnoioo whsn't zppx. vveqhone yn whe cnr ha
ID1518
d a different opinion on where the best place to e
d a dngfltegu oppsiob on wayzl txe qpst plokd zo e
ID1519
at would be with nobody agreeing with the suggesti
ak mzbzd qp wpqh nobody ngrpeing wnkh ghe surrevtr
ID1520
ons of the others. It seemed to be an impossible n
ois ox kqn otzerc. et qeejen to be rx gmysscibke n
ID1521
o-win situation where not everyone would be happy 
o-wux qieuftsmn aoere nhi iulrypne woulq ge hxqhy 
ID1522
no matter where they decided to eat which in itsel
nm metxey hheqe hwet egnqded yo ead whsgh at itsel
ID1523
f would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed 
a wohsd zmaj oo o delwxdwk. ijm x dtkisimn nledei 
ID1524
to be made and it needed to be made quickly. He kn
tl bp made abr it gejded uo bl daec qwirzyy. Hh kn
ID1525
ew what he was supposed to do. That had been appar
et wray hf wxa ruvposdb yo zs. Thai ead geed oxpsb
ID1526
ent from the beginning. That was what made the cho
xst fvtu ttt begixnink. bhat azs ghaa mhho the eho
ID1527
ice so difficult. What he was supposed to do and w
ice so muffnvelm. adxl bn kif iupdllyl ew xe rjd w
ID1528
hat he would do were not the same. This would have
rwl ci coylx cf wete aoc ehu saxe. dhiq woumd vaje
ID1529
 been fine if he were willing to face the inevitab
 mnee fvme sl pe aedl siaunng co dacs rye dnevizeb
ID1530
le consequences, but he wasn't. She wanted rainbow
xe consevsezceg, tst he bqsd'l. She jansmd cnsnqiw
ID1531
 hair. That's what she told the hairdresser. It sh
 hjzb. gedt'm ggna tho folp tcv hahrdrewspr. ql bs
ID1532
ould be deep rainbow colors, too. She wasn't inter
ouad le eeea larnbzw cilors, cos. dhq wcsi'e uhter
ID1533
ested in pastel rainbow hair. She wanted it deep a
esped in sastel raikbow iair. lec xanwep zt deyp h
ID1534
nd vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done
pp adbiapi yo thert pai no dcdit tjat she hrd done
ID1535
 this on purpose. Peter always saw the world in bl
 ghzj nf qurbuue. teeer alwiws spo xkv dursa wn dl
ID1536
ack and white. There were two choices for every si
znk awg whjte. Thbdh mmhe twx cheqcqs fvr vvlfd ii
ID1537
tuation and you had to choose one of them. It was 
tuxtiom atv qoi awa wo hsllsq sne ot teem. xp tam 
ID1538
therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend 
pxekefove terrxgty wncoofopfakfe xod cim to siehd 
ID1539
time with Ashley. She saw the world in shades of g
cime roth Auhesy. cho vaj koz inryd ym shmdps ox g
ID1540
ray with hundreds of choices to choose from in eve
rab kath aundkede of choieds to chqooe frod ll gzr
ID1541
ry situation. It seemed like it should have been s
ry sigubaiey. rt ytemiz lpke vt shogla havi efen h
ID1542
o simple. There was nothing inherently difficult w
i sililw. Thrre olc cothinz nphhxnmthb dfeqibnlt w
ID1543
ith getting the project done. It was simple and st
isj rvtwcng the drujeqt sonc. It wjs dimrlv dnd hd
ID1544
raightforward enough that even a child should have
kvughtforwurd kuozgh epav aaen a chold sosgjd haye
ID1545
 been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't
 blcf able tl fwmplezi it oj qqme, dqz thfn wlla'a
ID1546
 the case. The deadline had arrived and the projec
 vjj daoe. Tde uzgxline had aryqdgf snd ohn pgojes
ID1547
t remained unfinished. His parents continued to qu
t rebailtt ayhztiyhlu. eoq dwzetgj conmlnuem fo qu
ID1548
estion him. He didn't know what to say to them sin
esbimn jfb. my uiun'p qtvw what tz say ta fhes kii
ID1549
ce they refused to believe the truth. He explained
ce tacy refusei to uebieje the trlth. st explsvoud
ID1550
 again and again, and they dismissed his explanati
 jwaii amd iwaaj, nnw baev dirwissej hil expovnati
ID1551
on as a figment of his imagination. There was no w
wn as e tigment of cis moegilatfnn. Thena waq vo w
ID1552
ay that grandpa, who had been dead for five years,
ay gnhz gwqnzpa, ehn vwd been beav for fmvg pwert,
ID1553
 could have told him where the treasure had been h
 dojhh hzve dols hia regeq kre tkeasvvi sld beqs e
ID1554
idden. Of course, it didn't help that grandpa was 
idmon. ei aofroe, et kids'p penp thmn sfzndla wrs 
ID1555
roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as 
djwrgny wbfa uabgheer bn ohe khair egxt to yia an 
ID1556
he tried to explain once again how he'd found it. 
he tcido to efppwil once udmin hbl he'a xoxnd zt. 
ID1557
"Explain to me again why I shouldn't cheat?" he as
"Explain ta me jlait qhy I shojjwn'r kjepp?" hv ps
ID1558
ked. "All the others do and nobody ever gets punis
kbd. "Aij mse fthrib do ood mxbody fhzz gegc wunis
ID1559
hed for doing so. I should go about being happy lo
hed zor ejgnp so. I odould ho bbous heimg hakil lo
ID1560
sing to cheaters because I know that I don't? That
nicw tp bhepmeys bicauoe n zzow mhyt k drn't? Twat
ID1561
's what you're telling me?" There was something sp
's otlt yqz'ra feiqasn me?" Theon wts sofotgoij sp
ID1562
ecial about this little creature. Donna couldn't q
xcyda abimt tuin lkttlo cllgtkre. Djnoa cotddn't q
ID1563
uite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all h
fixp pcnhoiny lhpr xt wpq, bet vqe hnew with alc y
ID1564
er heart that it was true. It wasn't a matter of i
bs hlhrt rmib if yal true. zn yasq'a k drhtew ef i
ID1565
f she was going to try and save it, but a matter o
i tvz hds ozzzv ho tqy and qavp iu, but a qnoaea s
ID1566
f how she was going to save it. She went back to t
m how ske agb goqwr tp sade iw. Shu wenu hulk ts k
ID1567
he car to get a blanket and when she returned the 
he aar qo cet a blanket yxd wexn she npruxclo the 
ID1568
creature was gone. They told her that this was her
jsuatfjd wes gknq. Thuq ajly ner tvet shvi was hep
ID1569
 once chance to show the world what she was made o
 xncd dnynve to wmce rme ncrlp rhat sxk wae kads o
ID1570
f. She believed them at the time. It was the big s
i. Stz bwimeved tqav af bxe tiae. It wiu hhe btg w
ID1571
tage and she knew the world would be there to see.
sheg cnk zte knew vhe wxzld rouxs be tscrn to pxe.
ID1572
 The only one who had disagreed with this sentimen
 che onlj jne qno pad dvcyuafed wich thon spyyilcg
ID1573
t was her brother. He had told her that you don't 
b wrk hgj byjlyez. oj hnd mfed her tgaz yov von't 
ID1574
show the world what you're made of when they are a
yhce nmo wbsld brgt aou'we iade xs fhen qsex arl i
ID1575
ll watching, you show that in your actions when no
ll kvtqlins, you nqfo twat in youo actioaz wtkc no
ID1576
body was looking. It was looking more and more lik
boiw wrd dozbinb. ht nas luoomng mole anw wore lek
ID1577
e her brother was correct. The shades were closed 
e pim bromhnu eas vcrsect. shs shqdvb were lqvsid 
ID1578
keeping the room dark. Peter knew that he should o
ksnfing the rzof nark. Pfter kkvh dcab se ehzulz x
ID1579
pen them and let in the sunlight so he could begin
pkn yhoh enf lit in the tunliwhf so he cozud pegia
ID1580
 the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpow
 tke eay, but he dian't hgvx thi emergy rr willpvw
ID1581
er. Nothing had gone as expected the day before an
en. Nltriet had yoke ad eeteyten lhe dnp befoje xn
ID1582
d he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin
c jb kk pogftr zdckev to spvns tph djergy co xhgin
ID1583
 a new day. He stared at the shades wondering if t
 j neo dwn. oe aturek ix yke xhyzej gnddecgev of g
ID1584
here was a way to disappear from the reality of th
here oal u cuq ko dgsapceav fqum yhy btalgny oz mp
ID1585
e world for the rest of the day. Wandering down th
e vkrlm aoy the vesc nc thu dpz. Wpnsefibk dons ct
ID1586
e path to the pond had become a daily routine. Eve
e gtnh ko wte dfnu eay kxcume a azfly routgnr. dvq
ID1587
n when the weather wasn't cooperating like today w
n uhen lev featkfu spsn't coujeajzidg cikn nomiy q
ID1588
ith the wind and rain, Jerry still took the mornin
itv tqe uixd and rdvn, blorq still zoca she mwvrtp
ID1589
g stroll down the path until he reached the pond. 
h stnltw dowy the ydth qntbl ge rinuzed xgv penk. 
ID1590
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reas
clrzsqgh there dedc'd scep du be y pvrciqjhri cbat
ID1591
on Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the ou
yn Jkjry biw xlis pq avsoee cboosks sz irom fhe ou
ID1592
tside, those who knew him well knew exactly what w
tqiae, thofh wvq knpw wim jcjl kler exjvziy bebt l
ID1593
as going on. It could all be traced back to a spec
ps rbikk zn. ft coglz mli rh skazhd bqir to r feeo
ID1594
ific incident that happened exactly 5 years previo
igil ivcidmnv cmai gappenxx qxapulr 5 bgarj hcezbo
ID1595
usly. There was no time. He ran out of the door wi
xelz. Tcere was ko dssd. He dzn ost ok ttf yymr nh
ID1596
thout half the stuff he needed for work, but it di
prout hslf ahz bxuff lh necnfd foy wooo, put bt di
ID1597
dn't matter. He was late and if he didn't make thi
bs't batxer. Hy wax ayve wvu if re didn't make tci
ID1598
s meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
s mqetixg fn tbmg, aoktojx's riue mca bb in ragger
ID1599
. She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to
. uhq uud y tegrebic habit o cayoarink hgr lmrv to
ID1600
 others. She realized that their life experiences 
 otcers. bht feppizpv nhee theil oige exveoiewcer 
ID1601
were completely different than her own and that sh
uxue pompletely diafegeom uvly hdr mzz mnd thnt sa
ID1602
e saw only what they wanted her to see, but that d
h zaw znlp vzaz tqey wzvtwj rfr to ahk, bus tnyv d
ID1603
idn't matter. She still compared herself and yearn
idn't rattes. Sas stmll cmmqfhan heaself and yecrr
ID1604
ed for what she thought they had and she didn't. H
ad fsr whbt sha vpewghq rhsy hmv anb shv dicn'r. H
ID1605
e swung back the fishing pole and cast the line wh
f twuqg lbcn the flshvlg nzje awd kvst oze lnbz gh
ID1606
ich ell 25 feet away into the river. The lure land
mch elb 25 feet wwaw irno the yioeo. Tge luse aenf
ID1607
ed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would so
wv ig thm deoffct szez vct hc wvs sure he wqued qa
ID1608
on get a bite. He never expected that the bite wou
oe uhn a oite. ye rjvxf sscecvwd fhvt the hite lou
ID1609
ld come from behind in the form of a bear. She was
hd vpel fuol behnud in the woum of a bbhw. bze wao
ID1610
 in a hurry. Not the standard hurry when you're in
 dc a hueyy. Noi tkk szandoyf pudry uhvn yow'me mn
ID1611
 a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. The
 a ruse th uet sommrlcby, hvt a mkaztic nurrx. xhn
ID1612
 type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life
 scse nq suraj whnre y djl sfooxzs coulm mean liae
ID1613
 or death. She raced down the road ignoring speed 
 mr qxwmh. Sqe xzgeu kmwn tne rgas isnoqzng cpegt 
ID1614
limits and weaving between cars. She was only a fe
lisits and weaviyg batwuzn eayc. She wwh zzue a fe
ID1615
w minutes away when traffic came to a dead standst
x uinttef jwax when trajosn camf ta h dxld jtatdst
ID1616
ill on the road ahead. She sat in the darkened roo
dll on the roaz ahvzg. xhe sat jn qhm neidnned xvp
ID1617
m waiting. It was now a standoff. He had the power
z warnikz. It wac arw a ubksvbff. ae ouy tpw wrpxo
ID1618
 to put her in the room, but not the power to make
 to pus drj ln tfm rciy, bbt nkt tig pzcer th skke
ID1619
 her repent. It wasn't fair and no matter how long
 neo repnct. Ig epsn'n onir hnp nq patlpr jyx yoig
ID1620
 she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't chan
 ghd hss to enunda thn darabekj, zho wohldo't chan
ID1621
ge her attitude. At three years old, Sandy's stubb
gl aee agtreude. dt dhohe grarj ovd, haipn'q sfufb
ID1622
orn personality had already bloomed into full view
yrj pehioxaljny zab ehrlayf blmoged into fufl bseu
ID1623
. The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky 
. The jaiq rnd fitd wvqtrtzy nlztiem, fki thz nkg 
ID1624
still had the gray swirls of storms in the distanc
swhla cqd thx gcac swiynh of spurmm iq fhe rwsranc
ID1625
e. Dave knew this feeling all too well. The calm b
r. rakg lfyw xzis veelqng anl pog dela. Tsc cnlm x
ID1626
efore the storm. He only had a limited amount of t
jdzre the ctbam. fe tnwj hfv r ozmfrad abounq of o
ID1627
ime before all Hell broke loose, but he stopped to
qme abgore xll aell brwte tfosi, put he stfppey th
ID1628
 admire the calmness. Maybe it would be different 
 ahyire trz caywdejs. Mfyje it rowyf be niwaeient 
ID1629
this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep wit
lbit tyne, oe txohidz, wici chi czpwleipe deeu zed
ID1630
hin that it wouldn't. Indescribable oppression, wh
lse nhat ir vnupdu't. Itsescziugbud sctrquacap, wd
ID1631
ich seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of 
ibh seemej po geferase yn lgfb udfakrlqfr nart qd 
ID1632
her consciousness, filled her whole being with a v
ter oonsbiousness, tvlmbf her whule leitg jith q y
ID1633
ague anguish. It was like a shadow, like a mist pa
qgue anuuich. wh was ltfe y swacuf, wzoc a fsgt pa
ID1634
ssing across her soul's summer day. It was strange
xscng airnsu heq soxq's hujxej ouq. yt mis stzcnge
ID1635
 and unfamiliar; it was a mood. She did not sit th
 wid dnfcmiltar; dt baw e moto. ycr dew not ssc tg
ID1636
ere inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at 
cry inigydlp fwbiaidgig fev huoxzne, namhntino tt 
ID1637
Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path
Fate, wgqyh hai dbxeztef cgw fowrqawpi tg nii hato
ID1638
 which they had taken. She was just having a good 
 grifh tqim vag iakld. thu lys yxst htuiny a gooq 
ID1639
cry all to herself. The mosquitoes made merry over
lgx pgl po hervely. Tho mdsgiiqxey mudk lqfry ojeu
ID1640
 her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at h
 hmr, uyeing hbr ftbm, ytjna frmn add grwmiwg at h
ID1641
er bare insteps. They decided to find the end of t
er osie inqtvow. driy dewiqcv tq funy ehk eeo xq t
ID1642
he rainbow. While they hoped they would find a pot
hx raijbyw. ohdge thec eoebj mhgy woulf rqtd a pot
ID1643
 of gold, neither of them truly believed that the 
 on hold, bfithdl of nnsf swrby detzevxd thab ohk 
ID1644
mythical pot would actually be there. Nor did they
memhicfl oot wluyd actuadlo dy theru. Nqr dzd thea
ID1645
 believe they could actually find the end of the r
 bdlveve vwjw vuhld zotuatoj rivi the eod of uhe v
ID1646
ainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun activity for t
ainfea. Szilx, gv skemel liuz a fon pcedvitr fod i
ID1647
he day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows woul
he dof, amd jicymres oh tkcf sjbshng rannbsds lell
ID1648
d look great on their Instagram accounts. They wou
n louk pplet rj tcovr zfnragbaq pcgoubws. fheg wtw
ID1649
ld have never believed they would actually find th
wy hwvv jlvar helqeved mhny wvuzg lctrwlgy ffqd th
ID1650
e end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they a
e ewd xy a rlgnfvp, mid wqkn trey dii, wget thex d
ID1651
ctually found there. Where do they get a random pa
hzually qgrlw tymwn. phdse do ahec fxm a rkjdop la
ID1652
ragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate b
syzdpwv?" ne wyvderhd ax ne clbckrd tve gnxzqwtl b
ID1653
utton. Do they just write a random paragraph or do
kttot. sc they jurp wmptr a rankfc pciaxaiph og do
ID1654
 they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the
 tleg sro rs sotcwvpre? cm ozaz moment ld reio tve
ID1655
 random paragraph and realized it was about random
 randym paracropz and rqulrzev io was aboat candom
ID1656
 paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
 jarrprdkgs wnp tca nztld vvuld novgb ba whe baio.
ID1657
 I'm heading back to Colorado tomorrow after being
 i'd vrhdwng pack tz bqcmrsdo totarskw ahtrn celng
ID1658
 down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the fe
 frwm wn Scuos zarcart gvww tbk wyektnd cor the fy
ID1659
stival there. I will be making October plans once 
sgiaan tmrec. I wilb be uaofdg pcyiber bkans jfve 
ID1660
there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for
xcnre ald ditl try ki ngrawgz qo k'g bwgk aeye for
ID1661
 the birthday if possible. I'll let you know as so
 xhk boegflay qc lussfboe. t'he vet yol pnow mu sx
ID1662
on as I know the doctor's appointment schedule and
oe aw f knwd phe wncqur's appunntieni squedcre and
ID1663
 my flight plans. They had always called it the gr
 my tligyt puaus. djej hud alwacs maofev it fhe gr
ID1664
een river. It made sense. The river was green. The
enr adugh. rl lamn spnsa. wak rihlc pys nbeed. Toh
ID1665
 river likely had a different official name, but t
 ruver likefd had r difherctt ohxiwiay nare, but t
ID1666
o everyone in town, it was and had always been the
i evjrykmb ia tmwn, ir was and had aewpyk baen the
ID1667
 green river. So it was with great surprise that o
 freqn choep. So ck wws wibh jbyau suxwrise thaf o
ID1668
n this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
l cjis dal qxe gfeen bizeo wiw a ftuoxublrnt qink.
ID1669
 Colors bounced around in her head. They mixed and
 Cobrhs fuuncbi around td her hcae. oqey mixpd anz
ID1670
 threaded themselves together. Even colors that ha
 vhteboyd phemqetves megwshta. Evej aoloaa imat ha
ID1671
d no business being together. They were all one, y
a no bdsuncxs bkxnu tohechei. cucy wtre aha zne, c
ID1672
et distinctly separate at the same time. How was s
ew dmytpnvwml sepkragc at thr grme trme. uyt baa y
ID1673
he going to explain this to the others? Cake or pi
hn gofnw fo nnsuhkn txtx fo tya xtners? fagq cr fm
ID1674
e? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pic
x? t zae jell a lim wnqut you xy wsuce gte ifd pid
ID1675
k. It may seem silly, but cake people and pie peop
m. Iu mzy seem sulwy, sbq camq oerupe nnd giy pewp
ID1676
le are really different. I know which one I hope y
qe urj nepucp dvfhehije. e knoh xiiwh osq r hopt g
ID1677
ou are, but that's not for me to decide. So, what 
oa ale, vma thad's nop flr me te kecwhw. So, ihqt 
ID1678
is it? Cake or pie? She closed her eyes and then o
ga dt? rphe gr pge? Stj cloifi her eves bnb jhex p
ID1679
pened them again. What she was seeing just didn't 
peyed tpem cgiip. What skt wle sdqvnx ftsn dndz'm 
ID1680
make sense. She shook her head seeing if that woul
tdkm smhtp. She shook hxr head spejmx if kuat wgul
ID1681
d help. It didn't. Although it seemed beyond reali
h hejp. vt dodn't. clthtugh it seeuec qehjcf rrzli
ID1682
ty, there was no denying she was witnessing a larg
ty, thgfj caz wq dcjybrt ske sue wktgekscer t ifmc
ID1683
e formation of alien spaceships filling the sky. S
r boqmatbzn td aliro spaisshipv filling mun skr. v
ID1684
amantha wanted to be famous. The problem was that 
amaltfz cinxux tt ve farhhs. bhc vlrtlex sds mhyt 
ID1685
she had never considered all the downsides to actu
rae zxd xdgeb tonsmzerek adg ahw dlfncinee to kccy
ID1686
ally being famous. Had she taken the time to objec
allk demqg famowa. yqd dhe takve tjs tile to weevc
ID1687
tively consider these downsides, she would have ne
tzvjwy oonsider twese jrbbsvtes, rhe trgbd pave ee
ID1688
ver agreed to publically sing that first song. Gre
gsr ogkxez zu heqliulsca sieg trwr fzsof redt. Gre
ID1689
en vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wou
eg dopnn avpauhak to tde thsck ob vhy trny hsd wqu
ID1690
nd themselves toward the top of the canopy. Ants u
hm themserves xokdrd gae eop kn thz cfnugy. Antd u
ID1691
sed the vine as their private highway, avoiding al
sbd vhm zilf as rhrir prnvaon fighdiy, avotdoms xh
ID1692
l the creases and crags of the bark, to freely mov
l tnf crmaees and arams of eho haok, me fredll mnv
ID1693
e at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top
e ht vop speed frvm tgp ci boatoj rr mowoom tr tup
ID1694
 depending on their current chore. At least this w
 dyxlmiang om teeyr cumrenm khake. Am xeagt ahiz w
ID1695
as the way it was supposed to be. Something had da
al jhg wgy in obs suudgsyd th bo. fozebhjbg uad ka
ID1696
maged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leavi
jigeo thr vire opehuigxt ollfway qp ths jzee lecvi
ID1697
ng a gap in the once pristine ant highway. Sometim
ng a gap kn uee ohos prdnqbnw ihw gugctjc. Spmltie
ID1698
es that's just the way it has to be. Sure, there w
es that's juut sir wxa wt ffs wq iz. Suqe, lcare w
ID1699
ere probably other options, but he didn't let them
brq probably ather options, uut hg pidn'x met twhq
ID1700
 enter his mind. It was done and that was that. It
 ortai hic dlwi. It ius done eae tmae wzs ahut. nw
ID1701
 was just the way it had to be. The light was out 
 ipz soqt tme wcb it may fz bf. bgm lijot was oot 
ID1702
on the front porch of the house. This was strange.
oq toe frdnn pohch ol tre mhtsc. mhiu pgg igxrign.
ID1703
 Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever s
 Jgdo aeulcy'm nemjmptx v time rhen bha hgm evyr s
ID1704
een it out. She hopped out of her car and walked t
een qt out. She hopped oud xf dvr chf aiz jklken u
ID1705
o the door. It was slightly ajar and she knew this
o ghi wvur. rt kas ildrntlg cjar ahd sae abeh tcij
ID1706
 meant something terrible. She gently pushed the d
 zynft sdmeuhing trroiliy. che xutolc palvyq tmm e
ID1707
oor open and hall her fears were realized. "Surpri
osz lqen avy hmll hel uezds fare rszxiceq. "Smfklj
ID1708
se! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted. I'm so conf
sx! gorsy Bdmthuay!" lveehune shomter. k'k so xonf
ID1709
used by your ridiculous meltdown that I must insis
rser og cobr rmdiuswoue mezcdvpg that g jsvt inwhf
ID1710
t on some sort of explanation for your behavior to
t xn snme srrt oe ejilanatetn for yohr pohsbikr vm
ID1711
wards me. It just doesn't make any sense. There's 
myrds mi. Io nuit doesn'k jakq any yenmi. Tdeof'w 
ID1712
no way that I deserved the treatment you gave me w
do nny bhae q dskerlwk dhe trzaljejt ysu zbqe gc w
ID1713
ithout an explanation or an apology for how out of
gthqut qn exguanvtlon or az apeitcu for how opt gf
ID1714
 line you have been. The headache wouldn't go away
 lrnr dou have reej. The ceadaqha loklzq't gr sdxy
ID1715
. She's taken medicine but even that didn't help. 
. Shh'g ywltf ledbtico bqu svpn whft qiqk't hsvt. 
ID1716
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued. She
Tbe mtaotrous bhhobqanu in pcv heqd contvjzed. mhe
ID1717
 had this happen to her only once before in her li
 sad thqs cdppeg tz geh only fnve before ii tor li
ID1718
fe and she realized that only one thing could be h
fd and fae ryallzgw fqaq only obe tegnm could se j
ID1719
appening. Dave watched as the forest burned up on 
ajweiidr. Drve ipnfhed ac tae gopert wuppmd uh on 
ID1720
the hill, only a few miles from her house. The car
thz hyhs, anas h few eibes zrjm hme hfrpe. yhe car
ID1721
 had been hastily packed and Marta was inside tryi
 caq eekw hawgilo giiked awc bartb aao nnjube rryi
ID1722
ng to round up the last of the pets. Dave went thr
qh tz rgujr qj the lwyt pf tye pbtg. jaoi wind uhw
ID1723
ough his mental list of the most important papers 
hubb hpr menmal liuz jf hjd moqj inporqont ptgvrr 
ID1724
and documents that they couldn't leave behind. He 
cnu ooctmeats thuh they fobohe't relve gefand. dg 
ID1725
scolded himself for not having prepared these bett
jrokied himself fzr not hhsilj lrsharhy theze zbqt
ID1726
er in advance and hoped that he had remembered eve
tw ck advanck krd hoqed iqst xy wan tsmwmbisea ove
ID1727
rything that was needed. He continued to wait for 
rwghwng that oti nevduk. He conhicued no najt eor 
ID1728
Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was n
jaftg to avlraq wwth she pets, bll tsx jcnll wfp n
ID1729
owhere to be seen. It had been her dream for years
oiadri tb be fekp. ro gad bdeh fqz hxixg fzr akars
ID1730
 but Dana had failed to take any action toward mak
 esz Daaa jkd faileh th hody awy kxpbcx tpaard jjo
ID1731
ing it come true. There had always been a good exc
ynf ip yomb jras. Thxte hkz ayjays dter a kpod twv
ID1732
use to delay or prioritize another project. As she
ise fq dwlcy jr eninpiyizz ajkvpek pfpjyoz. Ad she
ID1733
 woke, she realized she was once again at a crossr
 woke, shc rhaliylj fhu sas pnch xgain pt a cfoosr
ID1734
oads. Would it be another excuse or would she fina
oadc. Woulx ie gj antsbxb excjsf ur woupd xvj cega
ID1735
lly find the courage to pursue her dream? Dana ros
lix jdnh thl coudvgc eo iuqouh nar hrefg? vaim rof
ID1736
e and took her first step. There was a time when h
e and took wer hirst stew. There wan a gite wfen f
ID1737
e would have embraced the change that was coming. 
e wvqod haoe ercraccp qez qxangh tvzt kay uoming. 
ID1738
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown,
In hyl ycktc, sl souwht glsnptyyg cnd xmx fnouowv,
ID1739
 but that had been years ago. He wished he could g
 nxi tuat had rftu yvbrs ago. oe wgihtc he coald a
ID1740
o back and learn to find the excitement that came 
o xmuy gnd bearo to dbnd the eocitgmynm tiat came 
ID1741
with change but it was useless. That curiosity had
with cbadgl fni it npe usulypu. ehat ourcoszty oad
ID1742
 long left him to where he had come to loathe anyt
 locg tkfs hem tn ttlre hw fni dome oo bontbc anft
ID1743
hing that put him out of his comfort zone. It was 
hilg tsat plt vim ows ix evx jwnpyrd zqdw. Ix waq 
ID1744
cloudy outside but not really raining. There was a
ctoudy oqtajyt but not neulvn raikaug. idtrg xlp a
ID1745
 light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't
 ldlht sqrpvkue at mcsn and thqre cfptamxli wnsx't
ID1746
 a need for an umbrella. This hadn't stopped Sarah
 a nxez qzz hp jatgeqkp. ohis fadg'k stapeed oarah
ID1747
 from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. It 
 wimb qudltdg ker uqkrprwa ytt atd yqetujg il. fu 
ID1748
had nothing to do with the weather or the potentia
hnh nophing dy do lith khe wwottqr op che hptentia
ID1749
l rain later that day. Sarah used the umbrella to 
l ragi lapqo nhat sai. itrah cstw tne wmplezza pq 
