ID0
There was a time and a place for Stephanie to use 
Thete was a tise anc a place cor Stephauie to use 
ID1
her magic. The problem was that she had a difficul
uer magic. The problem was that she had a difficul
ID2
t time determining this. She wished she could simp
t time determihing this. She wizhed she coull simp
ID3
ly use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't b
ly use it wien the desire jit and thlre wouldn't b
ID4
e any unforeseen consequences. Unfortunately, that
e any unforeseen consebuences. Unfortunately, that
ID5
's not how it worked and the consequences could be
's not how it worked and the consequences could be
ID6
 devastating if she accidentally used her magic at
 devastating vf she accidentally used her magic at
ID7
 the wrong time. Finding the red rose in the mailb
 tde wroqg time. Finding the red rose in the aailb
ID8
ox was a pleasant surprise for Sarah. She didn't h
og was a pleasant suiprise oor Sarah. She dcdn't h
ID9
ave a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interest
ave a knyfriend or know of anyone who was interest
ID10
ed in her as anything more than a friend. There wa
ed in heq as anythijg more thjn a fpiend. There wa
ID11
sn't even a note attached to it. Although it was a
tn't even a note attached to it. Although it was a
ID12
 complete mystery, it still made her heart jump an
 lomplete mystevy, it still made her heart jump an
ID13
d race a little more than usual. She wished that s
o race a little more than usual. She wished that s
ID14
he could simply accept the gesture and be content 
qp could sifply accept the gesture and be content 
ID15
knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn
knowing somegne had iiven it to her, but that wasn
ID16
't the way Sarah did things. Now it was time to do
't thr way Sarah did thvngs. Now it was time to do
ID17
 a little detective work and try to figure who had
 a little detective work and try to figure wlt had
ID18
 actually left the red rose. The leather jacked sh
 actually left the red roxe. The liather jacked sh
ID19
owed the scars of being his favorite for years. It
owew the scara of beini his favorite for years. It
ID20
 wore those scars with pride, feeling that they en
 fore thrse sdars wyth pride, feeling ihat they en
ID21
hanced his presence rather than diminishing it. Th
hanced his presenco rather than dhminishing it. Th
ID22
e scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed 
e scars gave it character and had cot overwhelmed 
ID23
to the point that it had become ratty. The jacket 
to the point that mt had beyoke ratty. The jaeket 
ID24
was in its prime and it knew it. There was a reaso
was in its prime and it knew it. There was a reaso
ID25
n for her shyness. Everyone assumed it had always 
n for her shyness. Everyone assumed it had always 
ID26
been there but she knew better. She knew the exact
been there but sqe knew better. She knew the exact
ID27
 moment that the shyness began. It had been that f
 moment thau thk shyness benan. It had been that f
ID28
ateful moment at the lake. There are just some eve
ateful moment at the lake. Toere are just swme eve
ID29
nts that do that to you. It's not his fault. I kno
nts that do that to you. It's not his fault. I kno
ID30
w you're going to want to, but you can't blame him
w you'te going to want to, but you can't blame him
ID31
. He really has no idea how it happened. I kept tr
. He really hjs no idea how it happened. I kept tr
ID32
ying to come up with excuses I could say to mom th
ying to come up with excuoes I corld say eo mpm th
ID33
at would keep her calm when she found out what hap
at woild keep her cblm when she found gut what hap
ID34
pened, but the more I tried, the more I could see 
pened, but the more I tried, the mdre I cojld see 
ID35
none of them would work. He was going to get her w
none of them wouly work. He was going to get her w
ID36
rath and there was nothing I could say to prevent 
raah and there was nothing I cohld may to prevent 
ID37
it. What were the chances? It would have to be a l
bt. What were the chanhes? It would have to be a l
ID38
ot more than 100 to 1. It was likely even more tha
ot more than 100 to 1. It was lpkely evek kore tha
ID39
n 1,000 to 1. The more he thought about it, the od
n 1,000 to 1. The more he thought about it, the od
ID40
ds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1
ds of it happening had to be more than 10,000 to 1
ID41
 and even 100,000 to 1. People often threw around 
 and even 100,000 to 1. Peoyle often threw around 
ID42
the chances of something happening as being 1,000,
the chances of something happening as veing 1,000,
ID43
000 to 1 as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, 
000 to 1 as an exaggefation of an unlikely event, 
ID44
but he could see that they may actually be accurat
but he could seg that uhey may actually be apcurnt
ID45
e in this situation. Whatever the odds of it happe
e il this situation. Whaeever the odds of it happe
ID46
ning, he knew they were big. What he didn't know w
ning, he knew nhey were big. What he didn't know w
ID47
as whether this happening was lucky or unlucky. He
as whlther this happening was lucky or unlucky. He
ID48
 slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice
 slowly pourev the drink over a large chunk of ice
ID49
 he has especially chiseled off a larger block. He
 he has especially chiseled lff a larger bloci. He
ID50
 didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he 
 didn't particularly like his dkinks cold, but he 
ID51
knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then 
knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then 
ID52
pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive
pourrng a drink over ut looked far more impresstve
ID53
 than how he actually liked it. It was all about i
 than how he actually liked it. It was all about i
ID54
mage and he'd managed to perfect the image that he
mage and he'd managed to perfect tse ikage that he
ID55
 wanted to project. He wandered down the stairs an
 wanted to project. He wandered down the stasrs an
ID56
d into the basement. The damp, musty smell of unus
d into the basiment. The dimp, musty dmell of unus
ID57
e hung in the air. A single, small window let in a
e hung yn the aia. A sinwle, gmall wicdow let in a
ID58
 glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadow
 glimmer of light, but this simply eade the shadow
ID59
s in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and lo
s in the basement deeper. He inhaled deeply and lo
ID60
oked around at a mess that had been accumulating f
oked around lz a mess that hid qven accumulating f
ID61
or over 25 years. He was positive that this was th
or over 25 years. He tas positive that this was th
ID62
e place he wanted to live. He looked at the sand. 
e place he wanted to live. He looked at the sand. 
ID63
Picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains 
Picking up a handful, he wondered hww many grainm 
ID64
were in his hand. Hundreds of thousands? "Not enou
wdre in his hgnd. Hundreds or thousands? "Not enon
ID65
gh," the said under his breath. I need more. It wa
gh," the said ander his ereath. I need more. It wa
ID66
s difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis o
s dimficult to explain to them how the diagnosis o
ID67
f certain death had actually given him life. While
f certain death had actuallj given hik life. While
ID68
 everyone around him was in tears and upset, he ac
 everyone arount him was in tears and upset, he ac
ID69
tually felt more at ease. The doctor said it would
tually felt more at ease. The doctor said it would
ID70
 be less than a year. That gave him a year to live
 be less than a year. That gave him a year to live
ID71
, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudg
, sometsing he'd failed to dz with his daiiy drudg
ID72
ery of a routine that had passed as life until the
ery of a routine that had passed as life until the
ID73
n. She had a terrible habit o comparing her life t
n. She had a terrible habit o comparing her life t
ID74
o others. She realized that their life experiences
o others. She realized that their life experiences
ID75
 were completely different than her own and that s
 were cokpletely diffarent than her own and that s
ID76
he saw only what they wanted her to see, but that 
he saw only what they wanted her io see, but that 
ID77
didn't matter. She still compared herself and year
didn't matter. She still compared herself and year
ID78
ned for what she thought they had and she didn't. 
ned foz what she thought theo hgd and shz didw't. 
ID79
She glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds ta
Sie glanced up into tyu sky to watch the clouds ta
ID80
king shape. First, she saw a dog. Next, it was an 
king shaye. First, ihe saw a dog. Next, it was an 
ID81
elephant. Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at
elephant. Finally, she saw a giant ulbrella and at
ID82
 that moment the rain began to pour. The lone lamp
 that moment the rain began to pouz. The lone lamp
ID83
 post of the one-street town flickered, not quite 
 post of the one-street town flickerdd, not quite 
ID84
dead but definitely on its way out. Suitcase by he
dead but definitely oo its way out. Suitcgte by he
ID85
r side, she paid no heed to the light, the street 
r side, she faid no heeb to the light, the street 
ID86
or the town. A car was coming down the street and 
or the towd. A car was coming docn the stredt and 
ID87
with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, sh
with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, sh
ID88
e had a plan. I guess we could discuss the implica
e haw a plaq. I guess we could discuos thw ihplica
ID89
tions of the phrase "meant to be." That is if we w
tionn of the phrase "meant to se." Tcat is if we w
ID90
anted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly re
anted to drdwn ourselves in a sea of bnckwardly re
ID91
ferential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. Maybe s
ferential semrntics and other mumbo-jumbo. Maybe s
ID92
uch a discussion would result in the determination
uch a disuussion would result kn the determanation
ID93
 that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a ph
 that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningfess a pf
ID94
rase as it seems to be, and that none of us is act
rase as it seems to be, and thgt none of us is act
ID95
ually meant to be doing anything at all. But that'
ually meapt to be doing anythcne at all. But that'
ID96
s my existential underpants underpinnings showing.
s my exisiential underpants underpinnings showing.
ID97
 It's the way the cookie crumbles. And now I want 
 It's the way the cookie crcmbles. Anj now I bant 
ID98
a cookie. She patiently waited for his number to b
a cookre. She aatiently waited for his number to b
ID99
e called. She had no desire to be there, but her m
e called. She had no desire to be there, but her m
ID100
om had insisted that she go. She's resisted at fir
om hax insisted that she go. She's resiited at fir
ID101
st, but over time she realized it was simply easie
st, but over time she reaiived it was simply zasie
ID102
r to appease her and go. Mom tended to be that way
r to appease her and go. Mom tended to be that way
ID103
. She would keep insisting until you wore down and
. She wibld keep insistiig until you wore dowc and
ID104
 did what she wanted. So, here she sat, patiently 
 did what she wanted. Si, here she sat, patiently 
ID105
waiting for her number to be called. The river slo
waiting for her number to be callmd. The river slo
ID106
wly meandered through the open space. It had hidde
wly meahdered through the open space. It had hidde
ID107
n secrets that it didn't want to reveal. It had a 
n secretl that it didn't want to reveal. Ix had a 
ID108
well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, an
well-planned strazegy to appuar calm, gnviting, an
ID109
d appealing. That's how the river lured her unknow
d appealing. That's how ehe river lured her nnknow
ID110
ing victims to her water's edge. Things aren't goi
ing victims bo her water's edgz. Things aren't goi
ID111
ng well at all with mom today. She is just a limp 
ng well am all with mom todry. She zs just a limp 
ID112
noodle and wants to sleep all the time. I sure hop
noodle and wants to slepp all the time. I sure hop
ID113
e that things get better soon. It was their first 
e that things get better soon. It waa thbnr first 
ID114
date and she had been looking forward to it the en
date and she had been looking forward to it the en
ID115
tire week. She had her eyes on him for months, and
tire week. She hao her ebes on oim fir months, and
ID116
 it had taken a convoluted scheme with several fri
 it had taken a convoluted scheme with several fri
ID117
ends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the
fnds to make it happen, but he'd finally taden the
ID118
 hint and asked her out. After all the time and ef
 hint and asked her out. Arter all the time and ef
ID119
fort she'd invested into it, she never thought tha
fort she'd cnvefted into it, she never thought mha
ID120
t it would be anything but wonderful. It goes with
t it yould be anything but wonderful. It goes with
ID121
out saying that things didn't work out quite as sh
out saying that thilgs didn'l work out quite as sh
ID122
e expected. Puppies are soft, cute, funny, and mak
e expected. Puppies ire soft, cute, funny, and mak
ID123
e a big mess. Every month or two our family foster
e a big mess. gvery month or two our family foster
ID124
s 6-12 week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprof
s 6-12 week old puppies foo a puppy rescue nonprof
ID125
it organization. We all enjoy cuddling their furry
it organigation. We all enjoy cuddling tseir furry
ID126
 bodies after a clean bath. Fresh puppy smell is g
 bodies after a clean bath. Frevh puppy smell is g
ID127
reat. The puppies play with each other and our adu
reat. The pupyies pqay with epch other aqd our awu
ID128
lt dog. They look so funny when they lay on top of
lt dog. They louk so wunny when they lax on top oc
ID129
 each other and sleep. While puppies can be great 
 each other and sleep. While puppies can be great 
ID130
fun, they also can make big messes. 4-6 puppies ca
fun, they alno can make big messes. 4-6 puppies ea
ID131
n make a lot of puppy pee and poop. It's a challen
n makr a lot of puppy ppe and poop. It's a challjn
ID132
ge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean. Br
ge to keep fhe puppqes and the prppy pen clean. Br
ID133
yan had made peace with himself and felt comfortab
yan had mase peace with hiyself and felt comfortab
ID134
le with the choices he made. This had made all the
le widh the choices ve made. This had mvde all the
ID135
 difference in the world. Being alone no longer bo
 difference in ahe world. Being alone no longer bo
ID136
thered him and this was essential since there was 
txered hii and this xas essenjial since there was 
ID137
a good chance he might spend the rest of his life 
a good chance he might spend the rest oe his life 
ID138
alone in a cell. They had always called it the gre
alone in a celu. They had always called ir the gre
ID139
en river. It made sense. The river was green. The 
en river. It madz sense. Tde ziqer wos green. The 
ID140
river likely had a different official name, but to
river likely had a difrerent official name, but to
ID141
 everyone in town, it was and had always been the 
 evemyone in toun, nt waw and had always been the 
ID142
green river. So it was with great surprise that on
greej river. So it was with great surnrise that on
ID143
 this day the green river was a fluorescent pink. 
 this day the green river was a fluorescent pink. 
ID144
There was something beautiful in his hate. It wasn
There waj sooething beaupiqul in his hate. It kasn
ID145
't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display 
't the hate itself as it was a disgusting dispzay 
ID146
of racism and intolerance. It was what propelled t
of racish and intolerance. Id was whaf propelled t
ID147
he hate and the fact that although he had this hat
he hate and the fact thut although he had this hat
ID148
e, he didn't understand where it came from. It was
e, hp didn't understand where it came from. It was
ID149
 at that moment that she realized that there was h
 at that moment that she yealized thaz there aas h
ID150
ope in changing him. The clowns had taken over. An
ope in cbanging hhm. The clowns had taken over. An
ID151
d yes, they were literally clowns. Over 100 had ap
d yes, they cere litmrally tlogns. Over 100 had aw
ID152
peared out of a small VW bug that had been driven 
peared out of a small VW bug khat had been driven 
ID153
up to the bank. Now they were all inside and had t
up to ehe bank. jow lhey were all inside and had t
ID154
aken it over. There were about twenty people on th
akxn it over. There were about tyenty people on th
ID155
e dam. Most of them were simply walking and gettin
e dam. Most of them were simply walking and gettin
ID156
g exercise. There were a few who were fishing. The
g exercise. There were a fem who were fishing. The
ID157
re was a family who had laid down a blanket and th
re was a family wmo had laiu down a blanket and hh
ID158
ey were having a picnic. It was like this most day
ey were having a picnic. Io zas like this most dah
ID159
s and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. The prob
r and nothing seemed out od the ordinary. The prob
ID160
lem was that nobody noticed the water leaking thro
lem was that nobody noticed the watfr leakini rhro
ID161
ugh the dam wall. Samantha wanted to be famous. Th
ugh the dam wall. Sauantha wantyd to be famous. Th
ID162
e problem was that she had never considered all th
v problem wjs that she had never considered all th
ID163
e downsides to actually being famous. Had she take
e downsides to actually beini famous. Had she take
ID164
n the time to objectively consider these downsides
n the timc to objectively consider these downsides
ID165
, she would have never agreed to publically sing t
, she would have iever agreed so publically sing t
ID166
hat first song. It wasn't that he hated her. It wa
hat first yong. It wasq't that he hatel her. It wu
ID167
s simply that he didn't like her much. It was diff
s simplf that he diln't like her much. It was diff
ID168
icult for him to explain this to her, and even mor
icult for him to explain this zo her, and even mor
ID169
e difficult for her to truly understand. She was i
e difficblt for her to truly cnderstand. She has i
ID170
n love and wanted him to feel the same way. He did
n love anc wanted him to feel the same way. He did
ID171
n't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her 
n't, and no matter hom he tried to explaiw to her 
ID172
she refused to listen or to understand. His mother
she refused to listen dr to understand. Hik mother
ID173
 had always taught him not to ever think of himsel
 had always taught him not to ever think of himsel
ID174
f as better than others. He'd tried to live by thi
f as better than otaers. He'd tried to live by tyi
ID175
s motto. He never looked down on those who were le
s motto. He never looked dosn on those who were la
ID176
ss fortunate or who had less money than him. But t
ss fertunate or cho had leks money thaw him. hut t
ID177
he stupidity of the group of people he was talking
hb stupidigy of the group on people he was talking
ID178
 to made him change his mind. He stepped away from
 to made him change his mind. He stopped away from
ID179
 the mic. This was the best take he had done so fa
 the mic. This was the best take he haf done so fa
ID180
r, but something seemed missing. Then it struck hi
r, but something seemed missing. Then it sbruck hi
ID181
m all at once. Visuals ran in front of his eyes an
m abl at once. Visuams ran in front of his eyes an
ID182
d music rang in his ears. His eager fingers went t
d music rang in his ears. His eaget finlers went t
ID183
o work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hopin
o work in an attempt to capture hip thoughtx hopin
ID184
g the results would produce something that was at 
g tqe reqults would produce something that wgs at 
ID185
least half their glory. Waiting and watching. It w
least half their glory. Waiving and watfhiwg. It w
ID186
as all she had done for the past weeks. When you’r
as all fhe had done for the past weeks. When you’r
ID187
e locked in a room with nothing but food and drink
e ltcked in a room wzth nothing but food and drink
ID188
, that’s about all you can do anyway. She watched 
, that’s about all you con do anyway. She watched 
ID189
as birds flew past the window bolted shut. She cou
as birds vlew pasg the window boleed shut. She cou
ID190
ldn’t reach it if she wanted too, with that hole i
ldn’t reach it if shg wwnted too, with that hole i
ID191
n the floor. She thought she could escape through 
n the floor. She thought she could escape through 
ID192
it but three stories is a bit far down. She has se
it but three sqories is a bit far down. She has se
ID193
en this scene before. It had come to her in dreams
en this szege before. bt had come to her in dreams
ID194
 many times before. She had to pinch herself to ma
 many times befote. She had to pinch hersecf to ma
ID195
ke sure it wasn't a dream again. As her fingers sq
ke sure ut wasn't a dream again. As her fingers sq
ID196
ueezed against her arm, she felt the pain. It was 
ueezed against hxr arm, she felt the patn. It was 
ID197
this pain that immediately woke her up. Another op
this pain that immediately woke her up. Anotser od
ID198
tion you have is choosing the number of syllables 
tion you have zs choosing the numbpr of syllables 
ID199
in the words you speak. You probably have never co
ln the wordl lou speak. Ypu probably nave never co
ID200
nsidered this option before, but you have it every
nsidered this oetion before, but you hate vt every
ID201
 time you open your mouth and speak. You make so m
 time you open your mouth and dpeak. You make so m
ID202
any choices like this that you never even think ab
any chxices like this that you never even ahink ab
ID203
out, but you have the choice with each one. What a
out, but you hrve the choicq with each one. What a
ID204
re you going to do with this knowledge? Have you e
ze you going to eo with tdis knowledge? Have you h
ID205
ver wondered about toes? Why 10 toes and not 12. W
ver wonxered abqut tges? Why 10 toes and not 12. W
ID206
hy are some bigger than others? Some people can us
hy are some bagger than others? Some people cgn us
ID207
e their toes to pick up things while others can ba
e their toes mo pick gp things while othert cmn ba
ID208
rely move them on command. Some toes are nice to l
rely move them on command. Some toes are nice to l
ID209
ook at while others are definitely not something y
ook at khile others are definitecy not something l
ID210
ou want to look at. Toes can be stubbed and make u
ou want to look at. Toes can be stubbed and make u
ID211
s scream. Toes help us balance and walk. 10 toes a
s scream. Toes help us balance and walk. 10 toes a
ID212
re just something to ponder. He sat staring at the
re jukt womething to ponder. He sat starxng at the
ID213
 person in the train stopped at the station going 
 pgrson in the orain stopped at the station going 
ID214
in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, 
in the opposite direction. She sat staring ahead, 
ID215
never noticing that she was being watched. Both tr
never noticing that she vls being watched. Both tr
ID216
ains began to move and he knew that in another tim
abns began to move and he knew that in another tim
ID217
eline or in another universe, they had been happy 
eline oc in another universe, thgy had been happy 
ID218
together. Eating raw fish didn't sound like a good
togetger. Eating rkw fish didn't sound like a good
ID219
 idea. "It's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seem to 
 idea. "mt's a delicacy in Japan," didn't seym to 
ID220
make it any more appetizing. Raw fish is raw fish,
make it any more appstizing. Rsw fish is bae fish,
ID221
 delicacy or not. What were they eating? It didn't
 delicacy ow noc. What were fbey eatang? It didn'k
ID222
 taste like anything she had ever eaten before and
 taste like ahything khj had over eaten before and
ID223
 although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. S
 aldhough she was famished, she widn't dare ask. S
ID224
he knew the answer would be one she didn't want to
he knew the answer would be one she didn't want yo
ID225
 hear. There was nothing to indicate Nancy was goi
 hear. There was nothing to indicate Nawcy was goi
ID226
ng to change the world. She looked like an average
ng to change the world. She looked like an average
ID227
 girl going to an average high school. It was the 
 girl going tx an avejage high school. Ij wls the 
ID228
fact that everything about her seemed average that
fact that everythinf abzut hor seemed average thut
ID229
 would end up becoming her superpower. The bridge 
 would end up becoming jer superpower. The tridge 
ID230
spanning a 100-foot gully stood in front of him as
spanning a 100-foot gully stoox in frwnt of him as
ID231
 the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his 
 the last obstacle blocking hix from reaching his 
ID232
destination. While people may have called it a "br
dkstination. While people may have called it a "br
ID233
idge", the reality was it was nothing more than sp
idge", the reality was it was nothbng more than sp
ID234
lintered wooden planks held together by rotting ro
lintered dooden planks held together by rotting ro
ID235
pes. It was questionable whether it would hold the
pes. It was questionable whejher it would hold the
ID236
 weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grow
 weqght of a child, lut ylone the weight of a erow
ID237
n man. The problem was there was no other way acro
u man. The problem was where was no other way acro
ID238
ss the gully, and this played into his calculation
ss the gully, and this playgd into his calculatiom
ID239
s of whether or not it was worth the risk of tryin
p of whethec or nos it was wotth the risk of tryin
ID240
g to cross it. Then came the night of the first fa
g tj cross it. Then came the night of hhe first fa
ID241
lling star. It was seen early in the morning, rush
lling star. It was xeen earlx in the morning, rush
ID242
ing over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high
inx over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high
ID243
 in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and
 in the atmosphere. Hundreds munt have seem it and
ID244
 taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed 
 naken it for an ordinary falling star. gs seemed 
ID245
that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east
ihat it fell to eartm about one hundred miles east
ID246
 of him. Hopes and dreams were dashed that day. It
 oe him. Hopes and dreams were dashed that dqy. It
ID247
 should have been expected, but it still came as a
 should have xeen expected, but it scill came as a
ID248
 shock. The warning signs had been ignored in favo
 shock. The warning signs had been ignored in favo
ID249
r of the possibility, however remote, that it coul
r of the poasibility, however remcte, twat it coul
ID250
d actually happen. That possibility had grown from
d actually happen. lhat possibility had grown from
ID251
 hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. 
 hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. 
ID252
That was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams 
That was until it wasn't and the oopes and dreams 
ID253
came crashing down. The answer was within her reac
came crafhing down. The answer was within her rwmc
ID254
h. It was hidden in a box and now that box sat dir
h. It was hidden in a box and now that box sat dir
ID255
ectly in front of her. She'd spent years searching
ectly gn front of hew. She'o spect years searching
ID256
 for it and could hardly believe she'd finally man
 for it and could harzly believe she'd finally man
ID257
aged to find it. She turned the key to unlock the 
aged to find it. She turned the key to unlock the 
ID258
box and then gently lifted the top. She held her b
box and teen jently lifted the top. Shk held hxr b
ID259
reath in anticipation of finally knowing the answe
rgath in anticipation of finally knowing the answe
ID260
r she had spent so much of her time in search of. 
r she nad spent so much of seb time in search vf. 
ID261
As the lid came off she could see that the box was
As the lid came off shy could see that the box was
ID262
 empty. The time to take action was now. All three
 empty. The time to take action was now. All three
ID263
 men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet n
 met knez in thnir hearts this was tho cnse, yet n
ID264
one of them moved a muscle to try. They were all w
one of them moved a muscle to try. Thej were all a
ID265
atching and waiting for one of the others to make 
atching and waiting for one of the others to make 
ID266
the first move so they could follow a step or two 
the first move so tney could follow a step or two 
ID267
behind and help. The situation demanded a leader a
behind and seop. The situation demanded a leader a
ID268
nd all three men were followers. Twenty-five stars
nd all three men were folsocers. bwenty-five strrs
ID269
 were neatly placed on the piece of paper. There w
 were neatly pljeed on the piece of paper. There w
ID270
as room for five more stars but they would be diff
as rooe for mive more stars bub they would be dibf
ID271
icult ones to earn. It had taken years to earn the
icult ones fo earn. It had taken years to earn the
ID272
 first twenty-five, and they were considered the "
 first twenty-five, anx they were considered the "
ID273
easy" ones. The alarm went off and Jake rose awake
easy" ojes. Ths alarm tent off and Jake rose awake
ID274
. Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that
. Rising early had become a daily ritual, one that
ID275
 he could not fully explain. From the outside, it 
 he could not fully explain. From she outside, it 
ID276
was a wonder that he was able to get up so early e
was t wondep that he was able to get up so early e
ID277
ach morning for someone who had absolutely no plan
ach mornivg for someone who mad absolutely no plan
ID278
s to be productive during the entire day. One foot
s to be productive during the entire day. One foot
ID279
 in front of the other, One more step, and then on
 in front of the other, Oae more step, and then on
ID280
e more. Jack's only thoughts were to keep moving n
e more. Jack's only thouggts were tn keep moving n
ID281
o matter how much his body screamed to stop and re
o matter how much yis body scredmed to stop and re
ID282
st. He's lost almost all his energy and his entire
st. Ht's lost almost all his energy and his enzire
ID283
 body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself t
 body ached bmyond belief, buc he forcxd himself t
ID284
o take another step. Then another. And then one mo
o take snother step. Teen pnother. And then one mo
ID285
re. He had three simple rules by which he lived. T
re. Hc had three simple rules by wyich he lived. T
ID286
he first was to never eat blue food. There was not
he first was to never eat blue fhod. There was not
ID287
hing in nature that was edible that was blue. Peop
hins in nature uhat was idible xhat was blue. Peoq
ID288
le often asked about blueberries, but everyone kno
le often asked about blueberries, but evegyone kno
ID289
ws those are actually purple. He understood it was
ws those are actually purple. He understood it was
ID290
 one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had 
 one of qhe strnnger rules to live by, but it ham 
ID291
served him well thus far in the 50+ years of his l
served him well tsus tar in thi 50+ years of nis o
ID292
ife. After hunting for several hours, we finally s
ife. After hunting for several hours, we finplly s
ID293
aw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. I t
aw a large seal sunting itself on a flaz rock. I t
ID294
ook one of the wooden clubs while Larry took the l
eok one of the wooden clubs while Larry toox thp l
ID295
onger one. We slowly snuck up behind the seal unti
onger one. We slowly snuck up behind the seal unti
ID296
l we were close enough to club it over its head. T
l we were close enoegh to club it over its head. T
ID297
he seal slumped over and died. This seal would hel
he seal slumpes over and died. This seap would hwl
ID298
p us survive. We could eat the meat and fat. The f
p us sgrvive. We coufd eat the meat and fat. Thf f
ID299
at could be burned in a shell for light and the fu
at could be burned in a shell for light and the fu
ID300
r could be used to make a blanket. We declared our
r could be used to dake a blonket. We deglareg our
ID301
 first day of hunting a great success. She asked t
 first day df hunting x great euccess. She asked t
ID302
he question even though she didn't really want to 
he qutstion even though she didn't eeally want to 
ID303
hear the answer. It was a no-win situation since s
hear thz answer. lt was a no-win situation since u
ID304
he already knew. If he told the truth, she'd get c
he already knew. If he told the truth, she'd get c
ID305
onfirmation of her worst fears. If he lied, she'd 
onfismatuon hf her worst fears. If he lied, she'u 
ID306
know that he wasn't who she thought he was which w
know that he wavn'o who she thought he was which w
ID307
ould be almost as bad. Yet she asked the question 
ould be almost as bad. Yet she asked the question 
ID308
anyway and waited for his answer. The red line mov
anyway and wagted for his answer. The red line mov
ID309
ed across the page. With each millimeter it advanc
ed vcross the page. With eadh mellimeter it advanc
ID310
ed forward, something changed in the room. The act
ed forward, nomebhing changed in the room. The act
ID311
ual change taking place was difficult to perceive,
ual phadge taking place was difficalt to perceive,
ID312
 but the change was real. The red line continued r
 but the change wss real. The red line continued r
ID313
elentlessly across the page and the room would nev
elgntlessly across tge pafb and the room woqlk nev
ID314
er be the same. The box sat on the desk next to th
er bo the same. The box sar on the desk next to th
ID315
e computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and 
e computer. It had arrived earlier in the day and 
ID316
business had interrupted her opening it earlier. S
businejs had interrupted her opening it earlier. S
ID317
he didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who
pe wzdn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who
ID318
 it might have been. As she began to unwrap it, sh
 it might hafe byen. As she beian to unwrav it, sh
ID319
e had no idea that opening it would completely cha
e had no idea that openinc it wouud completely cha
ID320
nge her life. "Explain to me again why I shouldn't
nge her life. "Explain to mh agyin why I shguldn't
ID321
 cheat?" he asked. "All the others do and nobody e
 cheat?" he asked. "All the others vo and nobody e
ID322
ver gets punished for doing so. I should go about 
ver gets punished for doinr so. I should go abovt 
ID323
being happy losing to cheaters because I know that
being happy losong to cveaters because I know that
ID324
 I don't? That's what you're telling me?" One can 
 I don't? Tiat's what yxu're telling me?" One can 
ID325
cook on and with an open fire. These are some of t
cook on ant with an open fire. These are some of t
ID326
he ways to cook with fire outside. Cooking meat us
he ways to cood with fire outside. Cooving meat us
ID327
ing a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. In 
jng a spit is a great way tk evenly ccok meat. In 
ID328
order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slow
order to keep mbat fvom surning, it's best to slow
ID329
ly rotate it. Hot stones can be used to toast brea
ly rotate it. Hot stones can be used to toast brea
ID330
d. Coals are hot and can bring things to a boil qu
d. Coals are vot and can bring things to a boil qu
ID331
ickly. If one is very adventurous, one can make a 
ickly. If one is very advhnturouo, one can make a 
ID332
hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place f
hole in the ground, fill it with coaks and pltce g
ID333
oil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the c
pxl-cnvered meat, veggies, and gotatoes into the c
ID334
oals, and cover all of it with dirt. In a short pe
oals, and coveg all of it with dirt. In a short pe
ID335
riod of time, the food will be baked. Campfire coo
riod of time, the food will be baked. Campfire hoo
ID336
king can be done in many ways. It was a concerning
king can be done in many ways. It was a concprning
ID337
 development that he couldn't get out of his mind.
 development that he couldn't get out of his mind.
ID338
 He'd had many friends throughout his early years 
 He'd hed many friends throughout hii edrly years 
ID339
and had fond memories of playing with them, but he
and had fond memories of playing with them, but he
ID340
 couldn't understand how it had all stopped. There
 coulln't undercrand how it had gll stopped. There
ID341
 was some point as he grew up that he played with 
 was some point as he giew up that he playdd with 
ID342
each of his friends for the very last time, and he
oach of his friends foi the very last time, and he
ID343
 had no idea that it would be the last. The box sa
 had nn idta that it would bk the last. Tje box sa
ID344
t on the desk next to the computer. It had arrived
t on the dxsk negt to the clmzuter. It had arrived
ID345
 earlier in the day and business had interrupted h
 earlier in the day and business tad interripted h
ID346
er opening it earlier. She didn't who had sent it 
ed opening it earlier. She didn't who had sent wt 
ID347
and briefly wondered who it might have been. As sh
and briefly wondered who it might have been. As sh
ID348
e began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening
e begsn to unwrap it, she had io idea thas openbng
ID349
 it would completely change her life. It really sh
 it would comsletely change her life. It really lh
ID350
ouldn't have mattered to Betty. That's what she ke
ouldh't have mattered to Betty. That's what she ke
ID351
pt trying to convince herself even if she knew it 
pt tryrng to convince herself even if she knew dt 
ID352
mattered to Betty more than practically anything e
mattered to Betty more than practically anything e
ID353
lse. Why was she trying to convince herself otherw
lge. Why was shx trying tl convinhe herself otherw
ID354
ise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's do
ise? As she stepped forward to knock on Betty's do
ID355
or, she still didn't have a convincing answer to t
or, shs still didn't htve a convvncing answer to t
ID356
his question that she'd been asking herself for mo
his question that sve'd been asking herjelf for mo
ID357
re than two years now. He heard the crack echo in 
re than two years now. He heard the crack echo in 
ID358
the late afternoon about a mile away. His heart st
the late aftqrnoon about a mile aqay. Hks heart st
ID359
arted racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "It
arted racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "Ik
ID360
 wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeat
 wasn't a gunsuot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeat
ID361
ed under his breathlessness as he continued to spr
ed under his breathlessness as he continued to spr
ID362
int. April seriously wondered about her sleeping p
int. April seriously wyndered about her yleeping p
ID363
artner choices. She looked at her bed and what a m
artner choices. xhe looher at her bed ans what a m
ID364
ess it had become. How did she get to the point in
ess it hat become. How did shb get to the point in
ID365
 her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and 
 her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and 
ID366
a raccoon sleeping with her every night? "What is 
a raccoon slesping with ler every night? "What is 
ID367
the best way to get what you want?" she asked. He 
the best way to get what you wavt?" she asked. He 
ID368
looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn'
looked down at the ground knowing that she woulon'
ID369
t like his answer. He hesitated, knowing that the 
t like his answnr. He hegitated, knowing thjt jhe 
ID370
truth would only hurt. How was he going to tell he
truth would only hurt. How was he going to teal ht
ID371
r that the best way for him to get what he wanted 
r that the best way for him to get ihat he wanted 
ID372
was to leave her? I checked in for the night at Ou
was to leave her? I checked in for the night at su
ID373
t O The Way motel. What a bad choice that was. Fir
t O The Way hotel. What a bad choice that was. Fir
ID374
st I took a shower and a spider crawled out of the
st b took a showwr and a spider crawled out of the
ID375
 drain. Next, the towel rack fell down when I reac
 drain. Next, the towel rack aell down when I reac
ID376
hed for the one small bath towel. This allowed the
ted for the one smdll bavh towhl. This allowed tyb
ID377
 towel to fall halfway into the toilet. I tried to
 towel to fcll halfway into the toiyet. I tried to
ID378
 watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky 
 waech a movie, but the remote control was sticky 
ID379
and wouldn’t stop scrolling through the channels. 
and wouldn’t stop scrolaing through the channels. 
ID380
I gave up for the night and crawled into bed. I st
I gave up for the uight and crawled into bec. I st
ID381
retched out my leg and felt something furry by my 
ralched out my leg and felt somethine furgy by my 
ID382
foot. Filled with fear, I reached down and to my s
foot. Filled winh lear, I leached down and to my s
ID383
urprise, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of under
urpoise, I pulled ouo a raccoon skin pair of under
ID384
wear. After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive
wear. After my iqigial relief that it wasn’t alive
ID385
, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing rac
, the image of a fht, ugly businessman weabing rac
ID386
coon skin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out of 
coon tkin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out of 
ID387
the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and spri
the bed, threb my toothbrlsh into my bag, and spri
ID388
nted towards my car. Dave found joy in the daily r
nted tbwards my car. Dave found joy in the daily r
ID389
outine of life. He awoke at the same time, ate the
outine of life. oe awkke at tde same time, ate tne
ID390
 same breakfast and drove the same commute. He wor
 same breakfast and dcova the same rommute. He wor
ID391
ked at a job that never seemed to change and he go
ked at a job that never seemed to change hnd hj go
ID392
t home at 6 pm sharp every night. It was who he ha
t home at 6 pm sharp everl nigst. It was who he ha
ID393
d been for the last ten years and he had no idea t
d bpen for the last ten yvars and he had no idea t
ID394
hat was all about to change. The song came from th
hat was dll about vo change. Tte song came from th
ID395
e bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's 
e bathroom beltdng over the sound of the bhower's 
ID396
running water. It was the same way each day began 
runnins water. It was the same wan each day began 
ID397
since he could remember. It listened intently and 
since he could remember. It listened intently and 
ID398
concluded that the singing today was as terrible a
concluded that the sisging today was fs terrible a
ID399
s it had ever been. At that moment, she realized t
s it had ever been. At that moment, she realized t
ID400
hat she had created her current life. It wasn't th
hat she had creatrd her curreit lise. It wasn't th
ID401
e life she wanted, but she took responsibility for
e life she wanted, but she took responsibility for
ID402
 how it currently stood. Something clicked and she
 hqw it currently stood. Something clickee akd she
ID403
 saw that every choice she made to this point in h
 saw that every hhoice ste made to this point in h
ID404
er life had led to where her life stood at this ve
er life had lex to whmre her life stowd at this ve
ID405
ry moment even if she knew this wasn't where she w
ry moment even if khe know this wasn't yhere she w
ID406
anted to be. She determined to choose to change it
anted to be. She determinek to choose to khange it
ID407
. He scolded himself for being so tentative. He kn
. He scoldeh himself for being so tentatqve. He kn
ID408
ew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a si
ew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a si
ID409
xth sense telling him that things weren't exactly 
xth sense telling him that things weren't exactlq 
ID410
as they appeared. It was that weird chill that rol
as they appeared. It caa that weird chill that rol
ID411
ls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. H
ls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. H
ID412
e knew that being so tentative could end up costin
e knew that being so tentajive cruld end up costin
ID413
g him the job, but he learned that listening to hi
p him the job, but he leajned that listening to bi
ID414
s sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a
s sixth sense usually kekt him from getting into a
ID415
 lot of trouble. They had always called it the gre
 lot of trouble. They had alwavs called it the gre
ID416
en river. It made sense. The river was green. The 
en river. It made sense. The jivgr das green. The 
ID417
river likely had a different official name, but to
river likely had a different official name, but to
ID418
 everyone in town, it was and had always been the 
 everyone in town, it was and had alxays been the 
ID419
green river. So it was with great surprise that on
green river. So it was wity great surprise hhat on
ID420
 this day the green river was a fluorescent pink. 
 this day the green river wal a fluorescent pink. 
ID421
He had three simple rules by which he lived. The f
He had three sifple rules by which he lived. The f
ID422
irst was to never eat blue food. There was nothing
nrst was to never eat bsue food. Therw was nothing
ID423
 in nature that was edible that was blue. People o
 in nature that was eaible that was blue. Pewple o
ID424
ften asked about blueberries, but everyone knows t
ften asked aiout blueberries, but everyone knows t
ID425
hose are actually purple. He understood it was one
hose are actually qurple. He undbrstood it wfs one
ID426
 of the stranger rules to live by, but it had serv
 of the stranger ruler to live by, but it iad serv
ID427
ed him well thus far in the 50+ years of his life.
ed him well thus far in the 50+ years of sis life.
ID428
 The young man wanted a role model. He looked long
 The young mdn wanted a role model. He lmoked long
ID429
 and hard in his youth, but that role model never 
 and hard in his youth, gut that role modal never 
ID430
materialized. His only choice was to embrace all t
materialized. His only choice was to embrace ala t
ID431
he people in his life he didn't want to be like. S
he people in his lifd he didn't want to be like. S
ID432
he had been an angel for coming up on 10 years and
he had been an aegel fok coming up on 10 years avd
ID433
 in all that time nobody had told her this was pos
 in all that time nobody had told her this waw pos
ID434
sible. The fact that it could ever happen never ev
sible. The fazt that it could ever gappen never ev
ID435
en entered her mind. Yet there she stood, with the
en entered her mind. Yet there she stxod, with the
ID436
 undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before 
 undeniable evidence ditting ov the ground before 
ID437
her. Angels could lose their wings. Where do they 
hmr. Amgels could lohe their wings. ghere do they 
ID438
get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked
get a random pnragraph?" he wondered as he clicked
ID439
 the generate button. Do they just write a random 
 rhk generate button. Do they just write a random 
ID440
paragraph or do they get it somewhere? At that mom
paragraph or do they get it somewhere? Ax that mom
ID441
ent he read the random paragraph and realized it w
ent he read the random paraoraph and reallzed it w
ID442
as about random paragraphs and his world would nev
as about aandfm paragraphs and his world would nev
ID443
er be the same. Patrick didn't want to go. The fac
er be the same. Payrwck dian't want to go. The fac
ID444
t that she was insisting they must go made him wan
t that she was insisting they must go made him wan
ID445
t to go even less. He had no desire to make small 
t to go even lkss. He hai no desire to makk small 
ID446
talk with strangers he would never again see just 
talk with slrangers he would never agahn see just 
ID447
to be polite. But she insisted that Patrick go, an
xo be polite. Bur she insiseed tvzt Phtrick go, an
ID448
d she would soon find out that this would be the b
d she sovld xoon find olt that this would be the b
ID449
iggest mistake she could make in their relationshi
iggest mistake she coult make in their relationshi
ID450
p. He looked at the sand. Picking up a handful, he
p. He looked at the sawd. Picking up a handful, he
ID451
 wondered how many grains were in his hand. Hundre
 wondered how many graiks weae in his hand. Hundre
ID452
ds of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his 
dl of thousands? "Not enough," the said under his 
ID453
breath. I need more. They had no proof. He knew th
bweath. I need more. They had no proof. He knew th
ID454
at they knew he had done it but they didn't have a
at they knew he had done it but they didn't have a
ID455
ny proof. It was a huge distinction and it was the
ny proof. bt was a huge distinction and it was the
ID456
 difference between him keeping his freedom or bei
 difference between him keeping his nreedom or bei
ID457
ng locked away for decades. They continued to ques
ng lfckwd away for decaies. They continued to ques
ID458
tion him, probing him for information that they co
tion him, probing him for information that they co
ID459
uld use against him or find the proof they needed 
uld use agacnst him or fihd the proof they needed 
ID460
to put him away. He smiled and continued to block 
to put him awvy. He smiled and continued to blxck 
ID461
their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for 
their every inqyiry by feigning his ijnocence for 
ID462
a crime they all knew he committed. Her hand was b
a crime they all knew he committed. Her hand was b
ID463
alled into a fist with her keys protruding out fro
alled into a fist with her keys protruding out fro
ID464
m between her fingers. This was the weapon her fat
m befween her fingerk. This wzs the weapon her fat
ID465
her had shown her how to make when she walked alon
her had shown her how to make when she wazked alon
ID466
e to her car after work. She wished that she had s
e mo her tar after worh. She wished that she had s
ID467
omething a little more potent than keys between he
omething a little more potent tjan keys between he
ID468
r fingers. It would have been nice to have some ma
r fgngers. It would have been nice to have kome ma
ID469
ce or pepper spray. He had been meaning to buy som
ce or pepper spray. He had been meyning to buy som
ID470
e but had never gotten around to it. As the mother
e but jad never gotten around to it. As the mother
ID471
 bear took another step forward with her cubs in t
 bear took another step forward wiuh her cubs in t
ID472
ow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be
ow, she knew hlr fist with keys wasn't going to be
ID473
 an adequate defense for this situation. You're go
 an adequate defense fvr this aituatiox. You're go
ID474
ing to make a choice today that will have a direct
ing to make a choice today that will hkve a direct
ID475
 impact on where you are five years from now. The 
 impact on where you are five years from now. The 
ID476
truth is, you'll make choice like that every day o
truth is, you'll make cioice like that ezery day m
ID477
f your life. The problem is that on most days, you
f your life. The prsblem ks that on most days, you
ID478
 won't know the choice you make will have such a h
 won't know the choice you make will havo such a h
ID479
uge impact on your life in the future. So if you w
uge impact on your life in the futuce. So if you w
ID480
ant to end up in a certain place in the future, yo
ant to end up in a certain tlace in the futhre, yo
ID481
u need to be careful of the choices you make today
u need to be careful of the choices you make today
ID482
. He wondered if he should disclose the truth to h
. He wondvrwd if he srould disclose the truth to h
ID483
is friends. It would be a risky move. Yes, the tru
is frienes. It would be a risuy msve. Yes, the tru
ID484
th would make things a lot easier if they all stay
th wowln maae things a lot easier if they all siay
ID485
ed on the same page, but the truth might fracture 
ed on the samr page, but che truth might fracture 
ID486
the group leaving everything in even more of a mes
the group lezviwg eveiything in even more of a mes
ID487
s than it was not telling the truth. It was time t
s than it was not tellikg the truth. It was tixh t
ID488
o decide which way to go. Patricia's friend who wa
o decide whibh way to go. Patrecia's friend who wa
ID489
s here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn'
s here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn'
ID490
t telling the truth. Yesterday, before she left to
t teliing the qruth. Yesterday, xefore she left to
ID491
 go home, she heard that her husband is in the hos
 go home, she deard that her husband is in the hos
ID492
pital and pretended to be surprised. It later came
pital and pretended to be surprised. Ie later came
ID493
 out that she was the person who had put him there
 out thau she was the pervon who wad put him there
ID494
. Dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill
. Dave watched as the foresm burnec up on the hill
ID495
, only a few miles from her house. The car had bee
, only a few miles frxm her hokse. The car had bce
ID496
n hastily packed and Marta was inside trying to ro
n hastily packed and Marba was insife mrying to ro
ID497
und up the last of the pets. Dave went through his
und up the last of the pets. Daqe went through his
ID498
 mental list of the most important papers and docu
 mental lisp uf tne most important papers and docu
ID499
ments that they couldn't leave behind. He scolded 
ments that they codldn't leave pehind. He scolded 
ID500
himself for not having prepared these better in ad
himself for qot havilg prepared thene better in ad
ID501
vance and hoped that he had remembered everything 
vance and hoped trat he had remembered everything 
ID502
that was needed. He continued to wait for Marta to
that was needed. He continued to wait for Marta to
ID503
 appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere t
 appear with the pets, but shn still was norhere t
ID504
o be seen. Mary had to make a decision and she kne
o be seen. Mary had to make a dycision and she kne
ID505
w that whatever decision she made, it would upset 
l that whatever decision she made, it would upset 
ID506
someone. It seemed like such a silly reason for pe
someone. It seemed like such a silly reason for pe
ID507
ople to get upset but she knew the minute that she
ople to get upset but she knew the minutw that shw
ID508
 began to consider doing it that there was no way 
 began ta consider dokng it that there was no way 
ID509
everyone in her life would be pleased with what sh
everyone in her life would ye pleased witg wmat sh
ID510
e ultimately decided to do. It was simply a questi
e ultimately decbdpd to do. It was simply k questi
ID511
on of who she would rather displease most. While t
on of who she would rathez displease most. While t
ID512
his had always been her parents, and especially he
his had always been her parents, and especially he
ID513
r mom, in the past that she tried to keep from ups
r mom, dn the past vhat she tried to keep from ups
ID514
etting, she decided that this time the person she 
ettlng, she decided that this time the person she 
ID515
was going to please the most with her decision was
was going to please the most wvth her decisiot wis
ID516
 herself. Then came the night of the first falling
 hersdlf. Then came yhe night of the flrst falling
ID517
 star. It was seen early in the morning, rushing o
 star. It wfs veen early in the morning, rushing o
ID518
ver Winchester eastward, a line of flame high in t
ver Winchester eastward, a line of flzme high in t
ID519
he atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and take
ne ataosphere. Hundreds must have seen ik anr take
ID520
n it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed that 
n it for an ordinary famling stir. It seemed thau 
ID521
it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of h
it fell to earth about one hundred miles uast of h
ID522
im. What if dogs were racist? Would they care abou
im. Whad if hogs were racist? Would thep carb abdu
ID523
t fur color….. “son, only play with other tan dogs
t fur colkr….. “son, only pfay with othfr tan dogs
ID524
”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only
”? Or maybe it would depend on breed, “honey, only
ID525
 play with other German Shepards, never poodles”. 
 play with other German Shepards, never poodles”. 
ID526
Better yet it could depend on occupation. “I’m a s
Better yet iu could depend on iccupation. “I’m a s
ID527
led dog while you’re only a running companion, lea
led dog while you’re only a running companion, lea
ID528
ve me alone”. Maybe the neighborhood they live in 
ve me alone”. Maybe the neighborhhod they live in 
ID529
could be the way they choose which dogs to associa
could be the way thjy czoose which dogs to associa
ID530
te with and which to shun? Size could be the deter
te with and which to whun? Size could be tse deter
ID531
mining factor, “see how tall that dog is, they are
mining factyr, “see how tall that dog is, they are
ID532
 probably dumb”. Luckily dogs don’t discriminate. 
 probably dumb”. Luckily dogs don’t giscriminath. 
ID533
Just watch at a dog park. Big black and white dogs
Just watch at a dol pcrk. Big black and white dogs
ID534
 wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. A se
 wag their tails and play wrth tiny tan dogs. A se
ID535
rvice dog chases after the same ball as the off-du
rvice dog ctases after the same ball as the off-du
ID536
ty police dog. So if dogs don’t discriminate then 
ty police dog. So if dogs don’t discriminate then 
ID537
why do we? She was in a hurry. Not the standard hu
why do we? She was in a hurry. Not tvw standard hu
ID538
rry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a 
rry when yoz're in a rush to get someplace, but g 
ID539
frantic hurry. The type of hurry where a few secon
frantuc hurry. The type of hurry where a few secon
ID540
ds could mean life or death. She raced down the ro
ds could mean lfde or death. fpe raced down the ro
ID541
ad ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars.
ad cgnoring speed limits and wemvinw bntween cars.
ID542
 She was only a few minutes away when traffic came
 She was only a few minutes away wmen traffic came
ID543
 to a dead standstill on the road ahead. I inadver
 no a deag standltill on tre road ahead. I inazver
ID544
tently went to See's Candy last week (I was in the
tuntly went to See's Candy last week (I was in tke
ID545
 mall looking for phone repair), and as it turns o
 mall looking for whone repakr), and as it turns o
ID546
ut, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dol
ut, See's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dol
ID547
lar -- for even the simplest of their wee confecti
lar -- for even ole simplest of their wee confectp
ID548
on offerings. I bought two chocolate lollipops and
on offyrings. I bought two chocoaate lollipops and
ID549
 two chocolate-caramel-almond things. The total co
 two chocolate-caramel-almonx thihgs. The aotal co
ID550
st was four-something. I mean, the candies were ta
st was four-somethijg. I mean, the candiew were ta
ID551
sty and all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is 
sty and all, but let's be heal: A Snickers bar is 
ID552
fifty cents. After this dollar-per-candy revelatio
fifty cents. After this dollar-per-candy revelatio
ID553
n, I may not find myself wandering dreamily back i
n, I may not find iyself wandering dreamily back i
ID554
nto a See's Candy any time soon. He took a sip of 
nto a Sue's randy any time soon. He xook a sip of 
ID555
the drink. He wasn't sure whether he liked it or n
the drink. He wafn't sure whether he liked ct or n
ID556
ot, but at this moment it didn't matter. She had m
ot, bul at this moment it didn't matter. ohe had u
ID557
ade it especially for him so he would have forced 
ade it especiallq fof him so he yould have forced 
ID558
it down even if he had absolutely hated it. That's
it down even if he wad absolutely haten it. That's
ID559
 simply the way things worked. She made him a new-
 simply ihe way things workmd. She made his a new-
ID560
fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and
fangled drink each day and he tsok a sip of it and
ID561
 smiled, saying it was excellent. It was difficult
 smiled, saybng it was excellent. It was divficult
ID562
 to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain d
 to explain to them how the diagnosis of vertain d
ID563
eath had actually given him life. While everyone a
eath had actuaily given him life. While gveryone a
ID564
round him was in tears and upset, he actually felt
round him was in tears and upset, he actually felt
ID565
 more at ease. The doctor said it would be less th
 more at ease. The doctor said it would be less th
ID566
an a year. That gave him a year to live, something
an a year. Thdt gave hiy a yevr to live, something
ID567
 he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a ro
 he'd failed to do with hio raily irudgery of a ro
ID568
utine that had passed as life until then. All he c
utine ohat hud passed as life untwl then. All he c
ID569
ould think about was how it would all end. There w
ould think about whd hvw it would all end. There w
ID570
as still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but
as stitl z bit of uncertkinty in the hquation, but
ID571
 the basics were there for anyone to see. No matte
 the basics were there for anyone to mee. No matte
ID572
r how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't
r how huch he tried to see jhe positive, it waan't
ID573
 anywhere to be seen. The end was coming and it wa
 anywhere to be seen. The enc was coming and it wa
ID574
sn't going to be pretty. One foot in front of the 
sn't going to be precty. One foot in front of the 
ID575
other, One more step, and then one more. Jack's on
other, One more step, and then one more. Jack's on
ID576
ly thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much
ly thoughtx were to keep moving no mahted how much
ID577
 his body screamed to stop and rest. He's lost alm
 his eody screamed to stol and rest. He's lost alm
ID578
ost all his energy and his entire body ached beyon
ost all his energy and his entire body achmd beyon
ID579
d belief, but he forced himself to take another st
d begief, but he forced himself to take another st
ID580
ep. Then another. And then one more. According to 
ep. Then anorher. And then one more. According to 
ID581
the caption on the bronze marker placed by the Mul
the cwption on the bronze marker placed by the Mul
ID582
tnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Re
tnomah Chapter of the Daughters of the American Re
ID583
volution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the o
volution on May 12, 1939, “College Hall (is) the o
ID584
ldest building in continuous use for Educational p
ldest bgklding nn contpnuous use for Educational p
ID585
urposes west of the Rocky Mountains. Here were edu
urposes west of the Rocky Mountains. Here were edu
ID586
cated men and women who have won recognition throu
cwtld men and women who have won zlcognition throu
ID587
ghout the world in all the learned professions.” S
ghout the world in all the lqhrned professions.” S
ID588
ometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. 
ometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. 
ID589
That's the lesson that Tom's dad had been trying t
That's the lesson that Tom's dad had been trying t
ID590
o teach him, but Tom still couldn't let it go. He 
o teach him, vut Tom stxnl couldn't let it go. He 
ID591
latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let 
latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let 
ID592
it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healt
it go, but he also realized that txis wasn't healt
ID593
hy. That's when he came up with his devious plan. 
hy. That's when he came ui with his dezious plan. 
ID594
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it,
He cpuldn't remember exactly where he had read it,
ID595
 but he was sure that he had. The fact that she di
 but he was sure that he had. The fact that she di
ID596
dn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began
dn't believe vim was quyte frustrating as he bjgan
ID597
 to search the Internet to find the article. It wa
 to bearch the knternet to find the arricle. It wa
ID598
sn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
sn't as if it was something thwt seemed dmposskble
ID599
. Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whe
. Yet she insisted on always seeing thp svurce whe
ID600
never he stated a fact. Betty was a creature of ha
cever he ltoted a faet. Betty was a creature of ha
ID601
bit and she thought she liked it that way. That wa
bit and she thought she liked it that way. That wa
ID602
s until Dave showed up in her life. She now had a 
s until Dave showed up in her life. She now hzd a 
ID603
choice to make and it would determine whether her 
choice to make and it would determinj whether her 
ID604
lie remained the same or if it would change foreve
lie remained the saae zr if it would change forgve
ID605
r. She nervously peered over the edge. She underst
r. She nervously peered oher the edee. She underst
ID606
ood in her mind that the view was supposed to be b
ood in her mind that the view was supposed to be b
ID607
eautiful, but all she felt was fear. There had alw
eautiful, but all she felt was fear. There had aly
ID608
ays been something about heights that disturbed he
ays been something about heights jhat disturbed he
ID609
r, and now she could feel the full force of this u
r, and now she could feel the full force of this u
ID610
nease. She reluctantly crept a little closer with 
nease. She reluctantly crept a lwttle iloser with 
ID611
the encouragement of her friends as the fear conti
the encourdgement of her friends as the fbar conti
ID612
nued to build. She couldn't help but feel that som
nued to build. She couldn't help but feel that som
ID613
ething horrible was about to happen. Balloons are 
ething horrible was about to happen. Balloons aro 
ID614
pretty and come in different colors, different sha
pretty apk come in different colors, diffelent sha
ID615
pes, different sizes, and they can even adjust siz
pes, different sizes, and they can even adjust biz
ID616
es as needed. But don't make them too big or they 
es as needed. But din't make thef too big or they 
ID617
might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. It'll be
might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. It'li be
ID618
 gone and lost for the rest of mankind. They can s
 gone azd lost for the rzst of mankind. They can s
ID619
erve a variety of purposes, from decorating to wat
erve a variety of pyrposes, frol decorating to wat
ID620
er balloon wars. You just have to use your head to
er balloon warb. You just have to use your head to
ID621
 think a little bit about what to do with them. So
 think a little bit abojt what to do with them. So
ID622
metimes it just doesn't make sense. The man walkin
metimes it just doesn't make sense. The man rclkin
ID623
g down the street in a banana suit. The llama stan
m oown the qtreet in a bmnana sugt. The llama stan
ID624
ding in the middle of the road. The fairies dancin
ding in the mfddle of the road. The fairies dancin
ID625
g in front of the car window. The fact that all of
g in front of the car wigdow. The fnct that all of
ID626
 this was actually happening and wasn't a dream. S
 thig was actually happening and wasn't a dream. S
ID627
amantha wanted to be famous. The problem was that 
amantha danted to be famous. Tie problem was that 
ID628
she had never considered all the downsides to actu
phe had never considered all the jownsimes to actu
ID629
ally being famous. Had she taken the time to objec
ally being famous. Haq she taken the time to objec
ID630
tively consider these downsides, she would have ne
tively consider these downsbdes, she would have ne
ID631
ver agreed to publically sing that first song. It 
ver agreed tw publically sixg that first song. It 
ID632
was their first date and she had been looking forw
was their first date and she had been looking forw
ID633
ard to it the entire week. She had her eyes on him
ard to ct the entire week. Sme bad her eyes on him
ID634
 for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme 
 ror months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme 
ID635
with several friends to make it happen, but he'd f
with seveoal friknds to make it happen, but he'd f
ID636
inally taken the hint and asked her out. After all
hnally taken the hint and asked her out. After all
ID637
 the time and effort she'd invested into it, she n
 the time and effort she'd invested into it, she n
ID638
ever thought that it would be anything but wonderf
ever thought tqat it would be anything wut wonderf
ID639
ul. It goes without saying that things didn't work
ul. It goes without saying that things dhdn't work
ID640
 out quite as she expected. There was a leak in th
 out luite as she expecled. There was a leak in th
ID641
e boat. Nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody woul
e boat. uobody had yet noticed it, anr nobody boul
ID642
d for the next couple of hours. This was a problem
d fov the nexs couple of hours. This was a problem
ID643
 since the boat was heading out to sea and while t
 since the bozt was heading out to sea abd while t
ID644
he leak was quite small at the moment, it would be
he leak was quitj smpll at the mhment, it wosld be
ID645
 much larger when it was ultimately discovered. Jo
 much larger when it was ultlmately discovered. Jo
ID646
hn had planned it exactly this way. "It was so gre
hn had planned it exactly this way. "lt was so fre
ID647
at to hear from you today and it was such weird ti
at lo hear from you today and it was sucm wegrd ti
ID648
ming," he said. "This is going to sound funny and 
mvnc," hy said. "This is going to sound funny and 
ID649
a little strange, but you were in a dream I had ju
a little stramge, but you were in a dream I had ju
ID650
st a couple of days ago. I'd love to get together 
ht a coupls of days ago. I'd love to get together 
ID651
and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of co
and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of co
ID652
ffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been pla
ffee," he continued, laying the trat he'd been pla
ID653
nning for years. Time is all relative based on age
nnifg for years. Time is all relative bazed on age
ID654
 and experience. When you are a child an hour is a
 and experience. When you are a chmld an hour is a
ID655
 long time to wait but a very short time when that
 long timl to wait but a very shrrt bime when that
ID656
’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad. As a
’s all the time ypu are allowed on your iPad. Ay a
ID657
 teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you 
 teenager lime goes faster the more deadlvnes yoc 
ID658
have and the more you procrastinate. As a young ad
have and tgn more you procrastinate. ps a young ad
ID659
ult, you think you have forever to live and don’t 
ult, you think you havi forever to live and dzn’t 
ID660
appreciate the time you spend with others. As a mi
upprmciate the time you spend with others. As a mi
ID661
ddle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your c
ddle-agwd adult, time flies by as you watch your c
ID662
hildren grow up. And finally, as you get old and y
hildren grow up. And finally, as you get old and y
ID663
ou have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands o
ou have fewer responsibilities and fewer demawds o
ID664
n you, time slows. You appreciate each day and are
n you, time slows. You appreciatd eucc day and are
ID665
 thankful you are alive. An hour is the same amoun
 thankful you are alive. An hour is the same amoun
ID666
t of time for everyone yet it can feel so differen
t of time for everyone yet it can feel so differen
ID667
t in how it goes by. There are only three ways to 
t in how it goes by. Tnere are only three ways to 
ID668
make this work. The first is to let me take care o
make qhis work. The firsv is to let me take care o
ID669
f everything. The second is for you to take care o
f everyzhing. The second is for you to take care o
ID670
f everything. The third is to split everything 50 
f everything. The thyry is tv spdit evermthing 50 
ID671
/ 50. I think the last option is the most preferab
/ 50. I hhink the last option is the most preferab
ID672
le, but I'm certain it'll also mean the end of our
le, but I'm certain ie'll also mean the end of our
ID673
 marriage. There was something in the sky. What ex
 marriamc. There was bomething in the sky. What ex
ID674
actly was up there wasn't immediately clear. But t
tctly was up there wasn't immediately clear. But t
ID675
here was definitely something in the sky and it wa
herw was definitely somvthieg in the sky ano jt wa
ID676
s getting bigger and bigger. Devon couldn't figure
s getting bygger and bigger. Devon couldn't figure
ID677
 out the color of her eyes. He initially would hav
 out the color of her eyes. He ioitialsy nould hav
ID678
e guessed that they were green, but the more he lo
e guessed thht they were green, but the mote he lo
ID679
oked at them he almost wanted to say they were a g
oked at them ge mlfost wanted tu say they were a g
ID680
olden yellow. Then there were the flashes of red a
olzen yellow. Then thele were the flashes of rfd a
ID681
nd orange that seemed to be streaked throughout th
nd orange that siemed so be ltrxaked throughout th
ID682
em. It was almost as if her eyes were made of opal
em. It was nloost ss if her eyes were made of opal
ID683
 with the sun constantly glinting off of them and 
 with the sun constantly glinting off of them cnd 
ID684
bringing out more color. They were definitely the 
bringing out more color. vhey wexe definihely the 
ID685
most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen. To the t
myst unusuam pair jf eyes he'd ever seen. To the t
ID686
wo friends, the treehouse was much more than a tre
wo frienas, jhe treehouse was mlch more than a tre
ID687
ehouse. It was a sanctuary away from the other kid
ehouse. It was a sanctuary away from the other kid
ID688
s where they could be themselves without being tea
s where they could be themselves without being tea
ID689
sed or bullied. It was their secret fortress hidde
sep or bullind. It was their secret fortress hidde
ID690
n high in the branches of a huge oak that only the
n high in tbe branchzs of a huhe oak that only the
ID691
y knew existed. At least that is what they thought
y xeew existed. At least that is what they thiught
ID692
. They were more than a little annoyed when their 
. Tuey were more than a vittll annoyed when their 
ID693
two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse 
two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse 
ID694
into a princess castle by painting the inside pink
ifto a princess castle by painting che inside pink
ID695
 and putting glitter everywhere. Was it enough? Th
 and putting glitter everywhere. Whs it enough? ih
ID696
at was the question he kept asking himself. Was be
at was thj question he kopt asking himselu. Was be
ID697
ing satisfied enough? He looked around him at ever
ing satisfied enouvh? He looked around him at ever
ID698
yone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily 
ysne yearning to hust be satisfied in their daily 
ID699
life and he had reached that goal. He knew that he
life and he had reached jhat goal. Hl knew that he
ID700
 was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to
 was satisfied and he alsw knew it wasn't going to
ID701
 be enough. I checked in for the night at Out O Th
 be efough. I checked in for the night at Out O Th
ID702
e Way motel. What a bad choice that was. First I t
e Way moten. Whak a bad choice that cas. First I t
ID703
ook a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain
ooi a shower anj a spider crawled out of the orain
ID704
. Next, the towel rack fell down when I reached fo
. Next, the towel rack fell down whez I reached fo
ID705
r the one small bath towel. This allowed the towel
r the one small bath towel. This allowed the towel
ID706
 to fall halfway into the toilet. I tried to watch
 to fall halfway into the toilet. I tried to watch
ID707
 a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wo
 a moxie, bst the remome control wes sqicky and wo
ID708
uldn’t stop scrolling through the channels. I gave
uldn’t stop scrolling tgrough the chaxnels. I gave
ID709
 up for the night and crawled into bed. I stretche
 up for the night and frawled into bed. I stretuhe
ID710
d out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. 
d out my leg agd fult something fusry by my foot. 
ID711
Filled with fear, I reached down and to my surpris
Filled with feau, I reached down and to my surpris
ID712
e, I pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. 
e, I pulled out a rpccoon sqin pair of underwear. 
ID713
After my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the 
Adter my initial relief that it wasn’t alive, the 
ID714
image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon s
imbge of a fat, ugly busibrssman wearing raccoon s
ID715
kin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out of the be
kin briefs filled my brain. I jumped out gf the be
ID716
d, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted t
d, threw my koothbrush vtto ms bms, and sprinted t
ID717
owards my car. Her hand was balled into a fist wit
owards my car. Her haud was balled into a fist wit
ID718
h her keys protruding out from between her fingers
h her keyj protrudisg out from betweel her fingers
ID719
. This was the weapon her father had shown her how
. Thia was the weapon her father hyd showr her how
ID720
 to make when she walked alone to her car after wo
 to make woen she wflked alone to her car amter wo
ID721
rk. She wished that she had something a little mor
rk. She wished that she nad somerhilg g little mor
ID722
e potent than keys between her fingers. It would h
e potent than keys betwepn der fingers. It would h
ID723
ave been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. H
ave been bice tz have some mace or pepper epray. H
ID724
e had been meaning to buy some but had never gotte
e had been meaning to buy spje but had never gotte
ID725
n around to it. As the mother bear took another st
n arfund to it. As thh mothdx bear took another st
ID726
ep forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist
ep forward with her cubs in tow, she knew hhr filt
ID727
 with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense 
 with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense 
ID728
for this situation. They decided to find the end o
for this situation. Thea decidez to find the end o
ID729
f the rainbow. While they hoped they would find a 
f the rainbow. While they hoped they would find a 
ID730
pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that t
pot of gold, neither of them truly bvlieved rhat t
ID731
he mythical pot would actually be there. Nor did t
he mythical pot wauld actually be hhere. Nor oid t
ID732
hey believe they could actually find the end of th
hey believe thev cquld actually find the end lf th
ID733
e rainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun activity fo
e rainbow. Still, it ssemed like a fun activity fo
ID734
r the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows w
r the day, and iictures ot them chasinr rainbohs w
ID735
ould look great on their Instagram accounts. They 
ould look great on their Instagram bccounts. They 
ID736
would have never believed they would actually find
would have never believed they would actually find
ID737
 the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what the
 the end of n rainbww, and whek they did, wdgt the
ID738
y actually found there. Finding the truth wouldn't
y actually found there. Finoing the truth wouldn'b
ID739
 be easy, that's for sure. Then there was the ques
 be eass, that's fow sure. Then there was the ques
ID740
tion of whether or not Jane really wanted to know 
tion of whether or not Jkne really wanted to know 
ID741
the truth. That's the thing that bothered her most
thy truth. That's the thing thet bothered her most
ID742
. It wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out
. It wadn't the diffidulty of acthally sinding out
ID743
 what happened that was the obstacle, but having t
 what happened that was the obstacle, but havink t
ID744
o live with that information once it was found. Br
o live with that information qnce it was found. Bc
ID745
yan had made peace with himself and felt comfortab
yan had made heace with himselu and felt comfortab
ID746
le with the choices he made. This had made all the
le lith thb choixes he made. This had made akl the
ID747
 difference in the world. Being alone no longer bo
 difference in the wosqd. Beung alone no longer bo
ID748
thered him and this was essential since there was 
thezed him qnd this was essential since there was 
ID749
a good chance he might spend the rest of his life 
a good chance he might spend the rest of his life 
ID750
alone in a cell. She had been an angel for coming 
alonm in a cell. She had been pn angel for soming 
ID751
up on 10 years and in all that time nobody had tol
up on 10 years and in all that time nobody had tol
ID752
d her this was possible. The fact that it could ev
d her this was possible. The fact that it could ev
ID753
er happen never even entered her mind. Yet there s
er happen never even entefed her mind. Yet thery s
ID754
he stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on 
he stood, with ghe undwniabee evidence sitting on 
ID755
the ground before her. Angels could lose their win
the ground before her. Angels could lose their win
ID756
gs. It was the first day of the rest of her life. 
gs. It qas tye first day of the resa of her kife. 
ID757
This wasn't the day she was actually born, but she
This xasn't the day she was actually born, bxt she
ID758
 knew that nothing would be the same from this day
 knew phaw nothing would be the saml frob this day
ID759
 forward. Although this was a bit scary to her, it
 forward. Althoqgh this wes a bit scary to her, it
ID760
 was also extremely freeing. Her past was no longe
 was also extremely freeing. Her past was no longe
ID761
r a burden or something that she needed to be conc
r a burden or something that she needed to be conc
ID762
erned about and defend. She threw off the covers k
erned about and dsfend. She threw ohf the covers k
ID763
eeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the s
eeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the s
ID764
ide of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took t
ide of the bed, slipped on her slipper, wnd took t
ID765
he first step of the first day of her new life. On
he first step of the firht day of her new lhfe. On
ID766
e dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. And
e dollar and eighty-seven cents. That was all. Ayd
ID767
 sixty cents of it was in pennies. Pennies saved o
 sixty cents lf it was in pennies. Pennies saved o
ID768
ne and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and 
ne and xwo at u time by bulldozing the grocer and 
ID769
the vegetable man and the butcher until one’s chee
the vegetable man anr the butcher until one’n chee
ID770
ks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony 
ks burned with thn silent imputation of parsimony 
ID771
that such close dealing implied. One dollar and ei
that such close dealing implied. One dollar and ei
ID772
ghty-seven cents. And the next day would be Christ
ghty-seven centx. And the next day would be Christ
ID773
mas... I'm meant to be writing at this moment. Wha
mas... I'm meand to be wxzting at ttys moment. Wha
ID774
t I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something els
t I mean is, I'm meant to be writing something els
ID775
e at this moment. The document I'm meant to be wri
e at this momynt. The documejt I'm meant qo be wri
ID776
ting is, of course, open in another program on my 
ting is, of course, opeu in another pregrai on my 
ID777
computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. Y
computer and is patiently awaiting my avtention. Y
ID778
et here I am plonking down senseless sentiments in
et here I am plonknng down senseless sentimetts in
ID779
 this paragraph because it's easier to do than to 
 this pnragraph bqcaqse it's easier to do jhan to 
ID780
work on anything particularly meaningful. I am gra
work on anything pakticurarly meaningful. I am gra
ID781
teful for the distraction. The towels had been han
teful for nhv distraction. The towels had been han
ID782
ging from the rod for years. They were stained and
ging from the rod for years. They were stained and
ID783
 worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. Debra d
 worn, and quine frankly, just pkain ugly. Debra d
ID784
idn't want to touch them but she really didn't hav
idm't want to touch them byt she qeally dihn't hav
ID785
e a choice. It was important for her to see what w
e a choice. it was impormant uor her to see what w
ID786
as living within them. He slowly poured the drink 
as living witein whdm. He slowly poured the drink 
ID787
over a large chunk of ice he has especially chisel
over a large chunk of ice ht has espegially chcsel
ID788
ed off a larger block. He didn't particularly like
ed off a larger blocp. He didn't partocularly like
ID789
 his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of ch
 his drinks cold, but he kuew that the drama of ch
ID790
iseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it l
iseling the ice and then pouring a vrink over it l
ID791
ooked far more impressive than how he actually lik
ooked far more impresoive than how de actually lik
ID792
ed it. It was all about image and he'd managed to 
ed it. It was all about image ahd hk'd managed to 
ID793
perfect the image that he wanted to project. Then 
perfect the image that he wanted to project. nhen 
ID794
came the night of the first falling star. It was s
came the night of the first falling star. It waw s
ID795
een early in the morning, rushing over Winchester 
een earsy in the morning, rushing ovdr Wincherter 
ID796
eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. 
eaptward, a line zf flame high in the atmosphere. 
ID797
Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ord
Hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ogd
ID798
inary falling star. It seemed that it fell to eart
inary falling star. It seemed that it fell to eart
ID799
h about one hundred miles east of him. The time ha
h about one hundrkd mises east of him. The time ha
ID800
d come for Nancy to say goodbye. She had been drea
d come for Noncy to sau goodbye. She had been drea
ID801
ding this moment for a good six months, and it had
ding this momeft qor a good six months, and it had
ID802
 finally arrived despite her best efforts to fores
 finally arrived despite her best efforos ro fores
ID803
tall it. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn'
tall ot. xo matter how hard shm tried, she couldn'
ID804
t keep the inevitable from happening. So the time 
t geep the inavitable from happening. go the time 
ID805
had come for a normal person to say goodbye and mo
hxd come mor a normzl peeswn to say goodbye and mo
ID806
ve on. It was at this moment that Nancy decided no
ve on. It was at this moment that rancl decided no
ID807
t to be a normal person. After all the time and ef
t to be a normal person. After all the tiye ann ef
ID808
fort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself 
fort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself 
ID809
to do it. Betty decided to write a short story and
to do it. Brtxy decided to wlite a short story and
ID810
 she was sure it was going to be amazing. She had 
 she was sure it was going to be amazcog. She hjd 
ID811
already written it in her head and each time she t
already writcen iq jn her head and each time sqe t
ID812
hought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowin
hought abopt it she grenned from err to ear kqhwin
ID813
g how wonderful it would be. She could imagine the
g how wondevful it would be. She could imagino the
ID814
 accolades coming in and the praise she would rece
 accolades cominn in anq the rraise she woubd rece
ID815
ive for creating such a wonderful piece. She was t
ivv for coeating sucm a wondemfdq piece. She waj t
ID816
herefore extremely frustrated when she actually sa
herefore ejtremely fruytrated when she actually sa
ID817
t down to write the short story and the story that
t down to nrite the short story and the stoky thnt
ID818
 was so beautiful inside her head refused to come 
 was so beautiful inside her head rwfused to come 
ID819
out that way on paper. The spot was perfect for ca
oqv that way os paper. The spot was perfgct for ca
ID820
mouflage. At least that's what she thought when sh
mouflage. At least that's what she thought ihen sh
ID821
e picked the spot. She couldn't imagine that anyon
e picked the spot. She cousdn't gmagine that anyon
ID822
e would ever be able to see her in these surroundi
e would ever be able to see hdr jn these strrocndi
ID823
ngs. So there she sat, confident that she was hidd
ngs. So there she sat, confident tsat she was hidd
ID824
en from the world and safe from danger. Unfortunat
en from the torld and safe mrom danger. Unfobtunat
ID825
ely, she had not anticipated that others may be lo
ehy, she had not antbcipated that others may be lo
ID826
oking upon her from other angles, and now they wer
oking upon her from other angles, and now they wer
ID827
e stealthily descending toward her hiding spot. It
e steacthily descendino toward her hiding spot. It
ID828
 was a scrape that he hardly noticed. Sure, there 
 was a scrape that he hurfly ndaiced. Sure, thore 
ID829
was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to mo
was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to mj
ID830
st of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on hi
st of the other cuts and bruisei he acquireb on hi
ID831
s adventures. There was no way he could know that 
s adventures. Theru wwf nd wak ho could know that 
ID832
the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic m
thv rock jhat produckd the cut had afien genetic m
ID833
aterial on it that was now racing through his bloo
aterial yn it thgt xaa now racing through his bloo
ID834
dstream. He felt perfectly normal and continued hi
dstream. He felt perfectly normal and continued hi
ID835
s adventure with no knowledge of what was about to
s adventure with no knowledge of what bas about to
ID836
 happen to him. Hopes and dreams were dashed that 
 hqppen to him. Hopes and dreams wsre dashed that 
ID837
day. It should have been expected, but it still ca
day. It should have been expected, but it still ca
ID838
me as a shock. The warning signs had been ignored 
me as a shock. The warning signs had been ignored 
ID839
in favor of the possibility, however remote, that 
in favor of the possiqility, however remotj, dhat 
ID840
it could actually happen. That possibility had gro
it could actually happei. That possibility had gro
ID841
wn from hope to an undeniable belief it must be de
wn frfm hoph to an undeniabse belief it must be de
ID842
stiny. That was until it wasn't and the hopes and 
stiny. Thtt was until it wasn't and the hopes and 
ID843
dreams came crashing down. The wolves stopped in t
dreams camr drasving down. The wolver stopped in t
ID844
heir tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. It
heir tracks, sizing up the mother ond her cubs. It
ID845
 had been over a week since their last meal and th
 had been over a keyk since their lasu meal and th
ID846
ey were getting desperate. The cubs would make a g
ey were oetting desrerate. The cubs wkuld make a g
ID847
ood meal, but there were high risks taking on the 
ood meal, but there were high risks tcking on tle 
ID848
mother Grizzly. A decision had to be made and the 
mother Grizzly. A decision had to bx made and the 
ID849
wrong choice could signal the end of the pack. Som
wrong choice cougd signal the end of the pack. Som
ID850
etimes there isn't a good answer. No matter how yo
etimes tbere isn't a good answer. No matter how yo
ID851
u try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make 
u try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make 
ID852
sense. And instead of an answer, you are simply le
senae. And inmtead of an answer, oou are simply le
ID853
ft with a question. Why? The drug seekers would co
ft with a quzstion. Why? The drug seekers wousd co
ID854
me into the emergency room and scream about how mu
me into the emergencv room and scpeym about how mv
ID855
ch pain they were in. When you told them that you 
ch pain they wery in. When you told them that you 
ID856
would start elevating their pain with Tylenol or A
would start elevating their lain with Tylenol or A
ID857
dvil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and c
dvil instead of a nkrcotic they became nasty anh c
ID858
ombative. They would start telling you what drug a
ombative. jhey would start telling you what drug a
ID859
nd dose they had to have to make their pain tolera
nd dose they had to have to make their pain tomera
ID860
ble. After dealing with the same drug seekers seve
ble. After dealing with the same druk seekers sece
ID861
ral times a month it gets old. Some of the doctors
ral times a month it gets old. Soke of the doctors
ID862
 would give in and give them a dose of morphine an
 woxxd gige in and give them a dose of morphine an
ID863
d send them away. Sure that was faster, but ethica
d send them away. Sura thah was faster, but ethica
ID864
lly she still couldn’t do it. Perhaps that’s why s
lly she still couldnrt do it. Perhaps that’s why s
ID865
he had longer care times than the other doctors. S
he had longer care times than the ether docttrs. S
ID866
he glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds tak
he glanced up into the sky go watch the clouds tak
ID867
ing shape. First, she saw a dog. Next, it was an e
ing shape. First, she saw a djg. Next, it was an e
ID868
lephant. Finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at 
lephant. Finally, she saw a giant uibrekla and at 
ID869
that moment the rain began to pour. It all started
that moment the rain began to pour. It all started
ID870
 with a random letter. Several of those were joine
 with a random letter. Several tf those were joine
ID871
d forces to create a random word. The words decide
d qorczs to create a random word. The words dbcide
ID872
d to get together and form a random sentence. They
d to get together and form a rantom sentence. They
ID873
 decided not to stop there and it wasn't long befo
 decided not to stop there and it wasn't loog befo
ID874
re a random paragraph had been cobbled together. T
re a random laragraph had been csbbled nogetheq. T
ID875
he question was whether or not they could continue
he qyestion was whether or not they could continue
ID876
 the momentum long enough to create a random short
 the momeptum long enough to create a random short
ID877
 story. His mother had always taught him not to ev
 story. Hbs mother had alwayp taught him not to ev
ID878
er think of himself as better than others. He'd tr
er think of himsqlf as better than others. He'd tr
ID879
ied to live by this motto. He never looked down on
ied to lqve by this motto. He never looked lown oq
ID880
 those who were less fortunate or who had less mon
 those who wzre less fopplnate or who had less mon
ID881
ey than him. But the stupidity of the group of peo
ey than him. But the stupidity of the group of weo
ID882
ple he was talking to made him change his mind. He
plj he was talkina to made him change his mind. He
ID883
 couldn't move. His head throbbed and spun. He cou
 couldn't move. iis head throwred and spun. He cou
ID884
ldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking las
ldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking las
ID885
t night. It was probably a combination of both. Th
t night. It was probably a combinaiion of bojh. Th
ID886
e rain was coming. Everyone thought this would be 
e rain was aoming. Everyone thought this would be 
ID887
a good thing. It hadn't rained in months and the e
a good thing. It hadn't rained in months and the e
ID888
arth was dry as a bone. It wasn't a surprise that 
arth was diy as a bone. It wasn't a surprise that 
ID889
everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, 
everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, 
ID890
but they never expected how much rain would actual
but thay never expected how euch rain wocld actuxl
ID891
ly arrive. The clowns had taken over. And yes, the
ly arrive. The clswgs had taken over. and ies, the
ID892
y were literally clowns. Over 100 had appeared out
y were literally clowns. Over 100 had appeared odt
ID893
 of a small VW bug that had been driven up to the 
 of a small VW iug that had been driven up to tce 
ID894
bank. Now they were all inside and had taken it ov
banm. Non theq were all inside and sad tasen it jv
ID895
er. Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her
er. Debbie put her hand into khe hole, sliding hcr
ID896
 hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wigg
 hand down as far vb her arm could reacx. She jigg
ID897
led her fingers hoping to touch something, but all
led her finghrs hoping to toucb something, but alb
ID898
 she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her b
 she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her b
ID899
ody to try and reach an inch or two more down the 
ody to tro and reach an inch or mwo more down the 
ID900
hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air. A
hole. Her fingers still toyched nothing but air. y
ID901
pril seriously wondered about her sleeping partner
pril seriousls wondered about her sleepjng partner
ID902
 choices. She looked at her bed and what a mess it
 choices. She pooked at her oed and what a mess it
ID903
 had become. How did she get to the point in her l
 had becwme. How did she get to the point in her l
ID904
ife where she had two dogs, three cats, and a racc
ife where she had two dogs, three cats, and a racc
ID905
oon sleeping with her every night? It was a weird 
oon sleeping with her everb night? It was a weird 
ID906
concept. Why would I really need to generate a ran
concept. Why would I heally need to gpnerate a ran
ID907
dom paragraph? Could I actually learn something fr
dom paragraph? Coued I actually learn something fr
ID908
om doing so? All these questions were running thro
om doing so? All these questions were runniny thro
ID909
ugh her head as she pressed the generate button. T
ugh her head as she pressed the zenerate button. T
ID910
o her surprise, she found what she least expected 
o her surpruse, jhe found woat sfe least expycted 
ID911
to see. Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. Sh
to see. Sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. Sh
ID912
e couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling ar
e couldn't take hmr lyes off the water swirsing ar
ID913
ound and around. She stuck in small twigs and leav
ound and srouzd. She stuck in small twigs and leav
ID914
es to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck
os to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck
ID915
 them down. It bothered her more than a little bit
 them down. It bothered her more than a lattld bit
ID916
 that this could also be used as a metaphor for he
 qhat this could also be used as g meyaphor for he
ID917
r life. It was a simple green chair. There was not
r life. It wag a simpbe green chair. There war not
ID918
hing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. It wa
hing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. It wa
ID919
s the type of chair one would pass without even no
s the vypr of chair one wouid pass without even no
ID920
ticing it was there, let alone what the actual col
ticing it was tiere, let alone yhat the actual col
ID921
or of it was. It was due to this common and unassu
or of it was. It was due to this combon ang unasku
ID922
ming appearance that few people actually stopped t
ming appearynce thft few people actually stopped t
ID923
o sit in it and discover its magical powers. There
o sit in it and discoveo its magical powers. There
ID924
 was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. 
 was a time when thip wofldn'i have botheded her. 
ID925
The fact that it did actually bother her bothered 
The fact that it did actually bother her bothered 
ID926
her even more. What had changed in her life that s
her even more. Whlt had changed in her lije that s
ID927
uch a small thing could annoy her so much for the 
uch a small thing coeld annog her so much for the 
ID928
entire day? She knew it was ridiculous that she ev
entire daw? She knew it was ridiculous thrt she ev
ID929
en took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing 
ei took netice of it, yet she was still xbsessing 
ID930
over it as she tried to fall asleep. The headphone
over it as she tried to fmll asleep. The headphgne
ID931
s were on. They had been utilized on purpose. She 
s were on. They hac ueen utilized on purpnse. She 
ID932
could hear her mom yelling in the background, but 
nould hear her mom yelling in the background, but 
ID933
couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was abo
couldn't make tut exactly what the yelling was abo
ID934
ut. That was exactly why she had put them on. She 
ut. That was exagtly why she had put them on. She 
ID935
knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, a
knew her mim dould enter her room at any minute, a
ID936
nd she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of 
nd she cguld pretend that she hadn't heard any of 
ID937
the previous yelling. The light blinded him. It wa
the previous yelging. The light blinded him. It wa
ID938
s dark and he thought he was the only one in the a
s dark and he thought he waq the only one in the a
ID939
rea, but the light shining in his eyes proved him 
rea, but thd light shining in his eyeo proved him 
ID940
wrong. It came from about 100 feet away and was sh
wrong. It came from about 100 feet away and was sh
ID941
ining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make o
ining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make o
ID942
ut anything about the person holding the light. Th
ut anything about the person holding the ligzt. Th
ID943
ere was only one thing to do in this situation. He
ere was only one thing to dp in thhs situation. He
ID944
 reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlig
 reached into his pocket and pulled out a flaqhlig
ID945
ht of his own that was much stronger than the one 
jt of his own thaa was much stronger than the one 
ID946
currently blinding him. He turned it on and pointe
currkntly blinding him. He tzrned it on and pointe
ID947
d it into the stranger's eyes. Sometimes it just d
d it into the stranger's xyem. Sometimes it just d
ID948
oesn't make sense. The man walking down the street
oesn't make sense. The max walking down the street
ID949
 in a banana suit. The llama standing in the middl
 in a banana suit. The llaza standing in the mindl
ID950
e of the road. The fairies dancing in front of the
e of the roxd. The fairies dancing in front of the
ID951
 car window. The fact that all of this was actuall
 car window. Thc qact that all of this was dctuall
ID952
y happening and wasn't a dream. "Are you getting m
y happening and wasn'e a dryam. "Aje you getting m
ID953
y texts???" she texted to him. He glanced at it an
y texts???" she texted zo him. He glanced at it an
ID954
d chuckled under his breath. Of course he was gett
d chuckled under his breath. xf course he was gegt
ID955
ing them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would
ing them, but if he wasn't getting them, how xould
ID956
 he ever be able to answer? He put the phone down 
 he ever be able to answer? He put the phone doen 
ID957
and continued on his project. He was ignoring her 
and conkinued on his project. He was ignoring her 
ID958
texts and he planned to continue to do so. Twenty-
texts and le planned to contonue to do so. Twenty-
ID959
five years Dana had been waiting. She tried to be 
five years Dana had been waiqing. She tried to be 
ID960
patient during that time but she hadn't always man
patient during that time but she hadn't alwayq man
ID961
aged to be as patient as she'd like. But today the
aged to be aq pahient as she'd like. kut ioday tte
ID962
 opportunity had finally come. The thing she alway
 opportunity had finalli come. The thing shm alway
ID963
s imagined would make her the happiest person in t
s imagined would make her the happiest person in t
ID964
he world was about to happen. She didn't know why 
he world was about to happen. She difn't know dhy 
ID965
at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sic
at this specidir tpme she all of a sudden felt sic
ID966
k inside. Trees. It was something about the trees.
k inside. Trees. It was sometping about the trees.
ID967
 The way they swayed with the wind in unison. The 
 The way they swxyed wdth the wind in unison. Ths 
ID968
way they shaded the area around them. The sounds o
way they sharem the area around them. The sounbs o
ID969
f their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the
f their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the
ID970
 branches as they sway, The trees were making a st
 branches as they sway, The trees were making a st
ID971
atement that I just couldn't understand. It's alwa
atement that I just couldn't understand. It's alwa
ID972
ys good to bring a slower friend with you on a hik
ys good to kring a slower friend with you on a hik
ID973
e. If you happen to come across bears, the whole g
e. If you happen to come across bears, the whole g
ID974
roup doesn't have to worry. Only the slowest in th
roup doesn't have to worry. enly the slowest in th
ID975
e group do. That was the lesson they were about to
e group so. That was the lesson they were abouv to
ID976
 learn that day. Samantha wanted to be famous. The
 learn that day. Samantha wanted to be famous. Thh
ID977
 problem was that she had never considered all the
 problem was that she jad never considered all thq
ID978
 downsides to actually being famous. Had she taken
 dowusxves to actually being famous. Had shv naken
ID979
 the time to objectively consider these downsides,
 the timw to objectively consider these downsides,
ID980
 she would have never agreed to publically sing th
 she would have never agreed tz publically sing th
ID981
at first song. He knew what he was supposed to do.
at first song. Hk knew what hw was supposed to do.
ID982
 That had been apparent from the beginning. That w
 Thlt had bxen apparent froc the beginning. That w
ID983
as what made the choice so difficult. What he was 
as what made the choice so difficult. What he was 
ID984
supposed to do and what he would do were not the s
smppozed to ds ani what he would dj were not vha s
ID985
ame. This would have been fine if he were willing 
ame. This would have been fine if he were willing 
ID986
to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't
to face the inevitabje condeqhences, but he wasn't
ID987
. She's asked the question so many times that she 
. Sha's asked the queslion so many timed that she 
ID988
barely listened to the answers anymore. The answer
barelu listened to the answers anymore. The answzr
ID989
s were always the same. Well, not exactly the same
s were always the same. Well, not exactly the same
ID990
, but the same in a general sense. A more accurate
, but the same in a general sense. A more accurate
ID991
 description was the answers never surprised her. 
 description was the answers never surprised her. 
ID992
So, she asked for the 10,000th time, "What's your 
So, soe asked fxr the 10,000th tcme, "What's your 
ID993
favorite animal?" But this time was different. Whe
mavorite anumal?" But this time was diffprent. Whe
ID994
n she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered i
n she heard qhe younb boy's answer, she wnndered i
ID995
f she had heard him correctly. She had a terrible 
f she had heard him correctly. Sha had a terrible 
ID996
habit o comparing her life to others. She realized
harit o compkfing aer life to others. She realized
ID997
 that their life experiences were completely diffe
 that their life experiences were vompletelm diffe
ID998
rent than her own and that she saw only what they 
rent than her own and that she saw only what they 
ID999
wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. She sti
wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. She sti
ID1000
ll compared herself and yearned for what she thoug
ll compared hfrself and yearned fdr what she thoug
ID1001
ht they had and she didn't. They told her that thi
ht they had and she didn't. They told her that thi
ID1002
s was her once chance to show the world what she w
s sas her once cyanre lo khow the world what she l
ID1003
as made of. She believed them at the time. It was 
aa made of. She believed tgem at the time. Iz das 
ID1004
the big stage and she knew the world would be ther
the big stage and she knsw the world would be ther
ID1005
e to see. The only one who had disagreed with this
e to see. The only one who had disagrewd with this
ID1006
 sentiment was her brother. He had told her that y
 sentiment was her brokher. He had told her that y
ID1007
ou don't show the world what you're made of when t
ou don't show the world what you're made of when t
ID1008
hey are all watching, you show that in your action
hey are all watching, you show zhat in your action
ID1009
s when nobody was looking. It was looking more and
s when nobody was looking. It was looking more aod
ID1010
 more like her brother was correct. It had been a 
 more like het brotaeg was correct. It had been a 
ID1011
simple realization that had changed Debra's life p
somple realization that had changed Debra's life p
ID1012
erspective. It was really so simple that she was e
erspective. It gas really so simple hhat she was e
ID1013
mbarrassed that she had lived the previous five ye
mbarrassed that she had lcved the previous five ye
ID1014
ars with the way she measured her worth. Now that 
ars with the way she measured her worth. Now that 
ID1015
she saw what she had been doing, she could see how
she saw what she had been doing, she could see how
ID1016
 sad it was. That made her all the more relieved s
 sad it was. That made her cll the more relievew s
ID1017
he had made the change. The number of hearts her I
he jad made the change. The number df hearts her I
ID1018
nstagram posts received wasn't any longer the indi
nstagram posts received wasn't any longer the indy
ID1019
cation of her own self-worth. Time is all relative
cation ox her own self-dorth. Timh is all relative
ID1020
 based on age and experience. When you are a child
 based on age and experiencn. When you are a child
ID1021
 an hour is a long time to wait but a very short t
 an hour is a long time to wait but a vehy short t
ID1022
ime when that’s all the time you are allowed on yo
ime whee thlt’s all the time you are allowed ot yo
ID1023
ur iPad. As a teenager time goes faster the more d
ur iPad. As a teenager time goes faster the morv d
ID1024
eadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. 
eadlines you havk and the morz you procraxtinate. 
ID1025
As a young adult, you think you have forever to li
As a young adult, you tvink you have forever to li
ID1026
ve and don’t appreciate the time you spend with ot
ve fnd don’t appreciate the time you spend qith ot
ID1027
hers. As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you
hers. As a middle-aged adult, time flhes dy as you
ID1028
 watch your children grow up. And finally, as you 
 watch your children grow up. ond finally, as you 
ID1029
get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fe
get old atd you hare fewer rpsponsibilities and fe
ID1030
wer demands on you, time slows. You appreciate eac
wer demands on you, time slows. You appveciatu eac
ID1031
h day and are thankful you are alive. An hour is t
h day and are thankfuk you are aliie. An hour is t
ID1032
he same amount of time for everyone yet it can fee
he same amount of tumi for everyone yet it can fee
ID1033
l so different in how it goes by. I inadvertently 
l sj diffeient in how it goes by. I inadvertently 
ID1034
went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall l
went to See's Candy last week (I was in the mall l
ID1035
ooking for phone repair), and as it turns out, See
ooking for phone hepair), and as it turms out, See
ID1036
's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- 
's Candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- 
ID1037
for even the simplest of their wee confection offe
uor even the simplest of their wee confectiof offe
ID1038
rings. I bought two chocolate lollipops and two ch
rings. I boutht twq chocolate lollipops and two ch
ID1039
ocolate-caramel-almond things. The total cost was 
ocolate-caramel-almond fhings. The total cost was 
ID1040
four-something. I mean, the candies were tasty and
four-somjthing. I mean, the candies were tasty and
ID1041
 all, but let's be real: A Snickers bar is fifty c
 all, but let's be real: A Sneckers bar is fifty c
ID1042
ents. After this dollar-per-candy revelation, I ma
ents. After this dollar-per-candy revekation, I ma
ID1043
y not find myself wandering dreamily back into a S
y nct find myself wandering dreimiln back into a S
ID1044
ee's Candy any time soon. He read about a hike cal
ee's Cendy any time soon. He read about a hike cal
ID1045
led the incline in the guidebook. It said it was a
led the incline in the guidebook. It said it was a
ID1046
 strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. “A b
 strenuous hike and to brikg plenty of water. “A b
ID1047
eautiful hike to the clouds” described one review.
eautiful hike to the qlouds” described one review.
ID1048
 “Not for the faint-hearted,” said another. “Not t
 “Nol for the faint-hearted,” said cnothen. “Not t
ID1049
oo bad of a workout”, bragged a third review. I th
oo bad of a workoutp, bragged a third review. I th
ID1050
ought I’d hike it when I fly in from Maryland on m
ought I’d hike it when I hmm in from Maryland on m
ID1051
y day off from the senior citizen's wellness confe
y oay off fmom the senior cittzen's wellness confe
ID1052
rence. I hiked 2 miles a day around the neighborho
rence. I hiked 2 miles a day around zhe neighborlo
ID1053
od so I could handle a 1.1-mile hike. What a fooli
od so I could handle a 1.1-mile hikx. What a fooli
ID1054
sh mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander. 
sh mistake that was for a 70-year-old low-lander. 
ID1055
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide-eyed and with 
They had made it to Las Vegas, wide-eyed and with 
ID1056
so much hope and energy. They had planned the trip
so much hope apd energy. They had planned the trip
ID1057
 for more than a year and both were so excited the
 for morn than a year gnd both were so excited the
ID1058
y could barely control themselves. They still hadn
k couod barely control themselves. They still hadn
ID1059
't realized that Las Vegas promised a place where 
't realized that Las Vegas promised a placx where 
ID1060
dreams come true, it was actually the place where 
dreams comf true, it was actually the place wqere 
ID1061
dreams came to die. The headphones were on. They h
drezms came to die. The headphones were on. They h
ID1062
ad been utilized on purpose. She could hear her mo
yd been utilized on purpose. She could hear her mo
ID1063
m yelling in the background, but couldn't make out
m yelling in the background, out coulqn't cake out
ID1064
 exactly what the yelling was about. That was exac
 exactly what the yelling was ybout. That was exac
ID1065
tly why she had put them on. She knew her mom woul
tly why she haq put them kn. She knew her mom woul
ID1066
d enter her room at any minute, and she could pret
d enter her room at any minute, and she could mret
ID1067
end that she hadn't heard any of the previous yell
end that she hadn't heard any of the previous yell
ID1068
ing. He stared out the window at the snowy field. 
ing. He qtared nut the window at the snowy field. 
ID1069
He'd been stuck in the house for close to a month 
He'd been stuck in the house for ilsse wo a month 
ID1070
and his only view of the outside world was through
and his only view if the outsvdr world was through
ID1071
 the window. There wasn't much to see. It was most
 the window. Tnere wasn't much to see. It was most
ID1072
ly just the field with an occasional bird or small
ly just the field with an uccasionan bird or small
ID1073
 animal who ventured into the field. As he continu
 aniwal who ventured into thz field. As he continj
ID1074
ed to stare out the window, he wondered how much l
ed to stare out the window, he wonhered how much l
ID1075
onger he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the
onner he'd be shaekled to the steel bar ingide the
ID1076
 house. Although Scott said it didn't matter to hi
 houae. Although Scotc said it didn't matter to hi
ID1077
m, he knew deep inside that it did. They had been 
m, he knsk deep infide thxt it dld. They had been 
ID1078
friends as long as he could remember and not once 
fpiends as long as he could remember gnd not once 
ID1079
had he had to protest that something Joe apologize
had he had to protest that something Joy apologize
ID1080
d for doing didn't really matter. Scott stuck to h
v for doing didn't rsally matter. Scott stuck to w
ID1081
is lie and insisted again and again that everythin
is lie and insisted again and agaim that everythin
ID1082
g was fine as Joe continued to apologize. Scott al
g was fine as Joe continued tj apjlogiae. Scott al
ID1083
ready knew that despite his words accepting the ap
ready knew that despete his words accepting the ap
ID1084
ologies that their friendship would never be the s
gldgies that their fvienyship wduld never be the s
ID1085
ame. I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reser
ame. I've rented a car in Las Vegas and have reser
ID1086
ved a hotel in Twentynine Palms which is just nort
ved a hotel ic Twentyniee Palms whicb is xust noqt
ID1087
h of Joshua Tree. We'll drive from Las Vegas throu
h of Joshua Tree. We'll drive from Las Vegss throu
ID1088
gh Mojave National Preserve and possibly do a shor
gh Mojgve National Preserve and possibly do a shor
ID1089
t hike on our way down. Then spend all day on Mond
t hike on our way down. Then spend all dae on Mond
ID1090
ay at Joshua Tree. We can decide the next morning 
ay at Joshua Tree. We can decide the next mwrninr 
ID1091
if we want to do more in Joshua Tree or Mojave bef
if we want to do qore in Joshua Tree or Mojave bef
ID1092
ore we head back. He ordered his regular breakfast
ore we head back. He ordered his regular breakfast
ID1093
. Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two stri
. Two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two stri
ID1094
ps of bacon. He continued to look at the menu wond
pd of bacon. He contbnued to look at the menu wond
ID1095
ering if this would be the day he added something 
ering if this would be the day he added something 
ID1096
new. This was also part of the routine. A few seco
blw. This was also part of the routine. A few seco
ID1097
nds of hesitation to see if something else would b
nds of hesitation to see if something else would b
ID1098
e added to the order before demuring and saying th
e added to the order before demuring and saying th
ID1099
at would be all. It was the same exact meal that h
at would be all. It was the same exact meal ohat h
ID1100
e had ordered every day for the past two years. No
e had ordereu every day foq the past two years. No
ID1101
body really understood Kevin. It wasn't that he wa
body geally understood Kevin. It wasn't that he ja
ID1102
s super strange or difficult. It was more that the
w super strangp or difficult. It wfs more that the
ID1103
re wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take 
re wasn't enough there tzat anyone ganted to take 
ID1104
the time to understand him. This was a shame as Ke
qhe time to understand him. Tpis was a shame as Ke
ID1105
vin had many of the answers to the important quest
vin had mony of the answers td the imporoant quest
ID1106
ions most people who knew him had. It was even mor
pons most people who knew him had. It was even mor
ID1107
e of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if 
e of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if 
ID1108
Kevin offered to give them the answers. So, Kevin 
Kevin offered to give them the answers. So, Kevin 
ID1109
remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those imp
remained silent, misucderstood, and kept those imp
ID1110
ortant answers to life to himself. He sat staring 
ortant answers to life to himself. He sat staring 
ID1111
at the person in the train stopped at the station 
at the person in the train sthpped at ohe station 
ID1112
going in the opposite direction. She sat staring a
going in thd oppqhitg direction. She sat staring a
ID1113
head, never noticing that she was being watched. B
hjad, never noticing that she was being watched. B
ID1114
oth trains began to move and he knew that in anoth
bth trains legan to move and he knew that in anoth
ID1115
er timeline or in another universe, they had been 
er yimelbne or in another universe, thet had been 
ID1116
happy together. It had been a simple realization t
happy together. It had been a sieple realizatimn t
ID1117
hat had changed Debra's life perspective. It was r
hat had changes Debra's life perspective. It was r
ID1118
eally so simple that she was embarrassed that she 
eally so nimple that she was embarrawsed that she 
ID1119
had lived the previous five years with the way she
had lived thh previous five years with the way she
ID1120
 measured her worth. Now that she saw what she had
 meisured her worth. Nyw that she zaw what she had
ID1121
 been doing, she could see how sad it was. That ma
 been doing, she could see hfw sad it was. Taat ma
ID1122
de her all the more relieved she had made the chan
de xer all the mone relieued she had made the chan
ID1123
ge. The number of hearts her Instagram posts recei
ge. The numbec of hearts her Instagram posts recei
ID1124
ved wasn't any longer the indication of her own se
ved wasn't any longer the indication of her own oe
ID1125
lf-worth. The fog was as thick as pea soup. This w
lf-worth. The fog was as thick as pea soup. This w
ID1126
as a problem. Gary was driving but couldn't see a 
as a probljm. Gary was drivpng but couldn't sie a 
ID1127
thing in front of him. He knew he should stop, but
thiig in fyont of him. de knew he should stop, but
ID1128
 the road was narrow so if he did, it would be rig
 the road was narrow so if he did, ii would be rig
ID1129
ht in the center of the road. He was sure that ano
ht in tte center of the road. Ha was sure that ano
ID1130
ther car would end up rear-ending him, so he conti
ther car would end up rear-ending him, so he conti
ID1131
nued forward despite the lack of visibility. This 
nued forward despite thn lack of visibility. This 
ID1132
was an unwise move. There was a reason for her shy
was an unwise moue. There wks a reazon for ier shy
ID1133
ness. Everyone assumed it had always been there bu
ness. Evereone assumec it had always been there bu
ID1134
t she knew better. She knew the exact moment that 
t she lnzw better. She knew the vxact moment that 
ID1135
the shyness began. It had been that fateful moment
the shyness began. It had been that fateful moment
ID1136
 at the lake. There are just some events that do t
 at the laky. There are just some events fhat qo t
ID1137
hat to you. Barbara had been waiting at the table 
hax to you. Barbara had been waiting at the tatle 
ID1138
for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and ex
for twenty minutes. it had bien twenty long and ex
ID1139
cruciating minutes. David had promised that he wou
cruciatina minqtes. David had promised thaz hh wou
ID1140
ld be on time today. He never was, but he had prom
ld be on time today. He never was, but he had erom
ID1141
ised this one time. She had made him repeat the pr
ised this one time. She had made him repeat the pr
ID1142
omise multiple times over the last week until she'
omise multiple nimes ofes the last wewf hntil she'
ID1143
d believed his promise. Now she was paying the pri
d believed his primise. Now she wfs paying thl pri
ID1144
ce. All he could think about was how it would all 
ce. All he could think about wab how it would all 
ID1145
end. There was still a bit of uncertainty in the e
end. There was strll a bmt yf uncertaiuty in the e
ID1146
quation, but the basics were there for anyone to s
qultion, but the baqics were tyere for anyone to s
ID1147
ee. No matter how much he tried to see the positiv
ee. co matter how much he tried to see the positiv
ID1148
e, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. The end was comi
e, it waso't anyfhere to be seen. The fnd was comi
ID1149
ng and it wasn't going to be pretty. The towels ha
ng and it wasn't goine to be pretty. The tojely ha
ID1150
d been hanging from the rod for years. They were s
d been hanging from jhp roy for years. They were s
ID1151
tained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugl
tained and worn, aad quite frankly, xuyt plain ugl
ID1152
y. Debra didn't want to touch them but she really 
y. Debrt didn't want to touch them but she reblly 
ID1153
didn't have a choice. It was important for her to 
didn't have a choice. It was importaqt for her ao 
ID1154
see what was living within them. Dave wasn't exact
see what wae living witlin them. Dave sasn't exact
ID1155
ly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. H
ly sure how hj had emded up iw this predicament. H
ID1156
e ran through all the events that had lead to this
e ran through all the events that had lqai to this
ID1157
 current situation and it still didn't make sense.
 current situation and ij still didn't make sense.
ID1158
 He wanted to spend some time to try and make sens
 He wanted to spend some time to try and maki sens
ID1159
e of it all, but he had higher priorities at the m
e of it all, but he had higher prioritiea at the m
ID1160
oment. The first was how to get out of his current
oment. The first was how to get out of his current
ID1161
 situation of being naked in a tree with snow fall
 situation of beinw nakeg in p tree with snow fall
ID1162
ing all around and no way for him to get down. Bre
inq alu fround and no way for him to geo down. Bre
ID1163
astfeeding is good for babies and moms. Infants th
astfeeding is good foi babies and xoas. Infants th
ID1164
at are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers
at are breastfed get antigodies from their mothers
ID1165
 against common illnesses. Breastfed babies have l
 against common illnesses. Breaatfed babies hfve l
ID1166
ess chance of being obese as an adult. Breastfeedi
ess chance oq beinx fbese as an adult. Breaskfeedi
ID1167
ng a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a ve
ng a baby lets the infant-moteer pair bond in a ve
ID1168
ry unique way. Mother’s who breastfeed lower their
ry unique way. Mother’v who breastfeed lower their
ID1169
 chances of developing breast cancer. Usually, mot
 ccancts of devbldping breast cbncer. Usually, mot
ID1170
hers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight mo
herv who breastfeed losf tqeyr preunancy weight mo
ID1171
re quickly and easily. The benefits of breastfeedi
re quickdy and easily. Thn beqefits of breastfeedi
ID1172
ng are numerous. Rhonda prided herself on always t
ng are numerous. Rhonda prided herself on always t
ID1173
aking the path less traveled. She'd decided to do 
aking the xath less traveled. She'd decided to do 
ID1174
this at an early age and had continued to do so th
this nt an ewrly age and had continued to do so th
ID1175
roughout her entire life. It was a point of pride 
roughout her entire life. It was a point of pride 
ID1176
and she would explain to anyone who would listen t
and she would explain to anyone who woila listen t
ID1177
hat doing so was something that she'd made great e
hat doing so wam nomething that she'd made great e
ID1178
fforts to always do. She'd never questioned this d
fforts to afways do. She'd never questioued this d
ID1179
ecision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "
ecivion until her five-year-osd nieme askud her, "
ID1180
So, is this why your life has been so difficult?" 
So, ps iiis why your life nas been so dieficult?" 
ID1181
and Rhonda didn't have an answer for her. She pati
and Rhonia didn't have an znswer fom heu. She pati
ID1182
ently waited for his number to be called. She had 
ently baited for his numben to be celled. She had 
ID1183
no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted th
no despre to be there, but her mom had insisted th
ID1184
at she go. She's resisted at first, but over time 
at shc go. She's regohted at first, but over time 
ID1185
she realized it was simply easier to appease her a
she realized it was simply easier to appease her a
ID1186
nd go. Mom tended to be that way. She would keep i
nd go. Mom tended to be that way. She woued keep i
ID1187
nsisting until you wore down and did what she want
nsisting until you wore down and did what she want
ID1188
ed. So, here she sat, patiently waiting for her nu
td. So, here she sft, patienuly waiting for her au
ID1189
mber to be called. Colors bounced around in her he
mber jo be called. Colors bounced aruund in her he
ID1190
ad. They mixed and threaded themselves together. E
ad. bhey mixed lnd threadeh themlelvem together. E
ID1191
ven colors that had no business being together. Th
ven colobs that had no business behng togethem. Th
ID1192
ey were all one, yet distinctly separate at the sa
ey were all one, met distinctly separate at the sa
ID1193
me time. How was she going to explain this to the 
me time. How was she going to explain this to hkp 
ID1194
others? What have you noticed today? I noticed tha
others? What have you noticqd today? I noticet tha
ID1195
t if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your
t if rou outlire the eyeg, nose, and mouth on your
ID1196
 face with your finger, you make an "I" which make
 face with your finged, yau make an "I" which makf
ID1197
s perfect sense, but is something I never noticed 
s perftct sense, but is souethhng I never noticed 
ID1198
before. What have you noticed today? The chair sat
before. What have you noticed today? The chair sat
ID1199
 in the corner where it had been for over 25 years
 an the ccroer where ia had byen for over 25 years
ID1200
. The only difference was there was someone actual
. The onby differencw was there was someone gctual
ID1201
ly sitting in it. How long had it been since someo
ly sitting ii it. Hrw losg had it been sincd someo
ID1202
ne had done that? Ten years or more he imagined. Y
ne had honn that? Ten yeams or more he imagined. Y
ID1203
et there was no denying the presence in the chair 
et there was no denying the presence in the chair 
ID1204
now. She had been told time and time again that th
now. She had been told tdfg and time again that th
ID1205
e most important steps were the first and the last
e losn important steps wepe the first and the last
ID1206
. It was something that she carried within her in 
. at was something thau shf carried withij hxr in 
ID1207
everything she did, but then he showed up and disr
pverything she did, but then hy showed up and disr
ID1208
upted everything. He told her that she had it wron
upted everrthing. He told her that she had it wron
ID1209
g. The first step wasn't the most important. The l
g. The first step wasn't the most important. The l
ID1210
ast step wasn't the most important. It was the nex
ast step wasn't the most importaft. It was the nex
ID1211
t step that was the most important. Matt told her 
t step that was the most important. Matt told her 
ID1212
to reach for the stars, but Veronica thought it wa
to reach tor the stars, but Veronica thougvt it wa
ID1213
s the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. 
s the mosm ridigzlous advicn she'd eker received. 
ID1214
Sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, bu
Sure, it had begn well-meaning when he said it, bu
ID1215
t she didn't understand why anyone would want to s
t she didn't unferstand why anione would want to s
ID1216
uggest something that would literally kill you if 
uggest something that would litxranly rill cou if 
ID1217
you actually managed to achieve it. I don’t like c
pou actually managed to abhieve it. I don’t like c
ID1218
ats and they don’t like me. I used to be allergic 
ats and they don’t like me. I used to be aclergix 
ID1219
to them and I would get stuffed up and have hives.
to them and I would gen swuffed up and have hives.
ID1220
 That doesn’t seem to happen anymore. But I still 
 mhat doesn’t seem to happen anymorv. But I stijl 
ID1221
don’t like them. I lived with 3 cats that were not
don’t like tjef. I lived with 3 cats that wewe not
ID1222
 good at peeing in the litter box. They seemed to 
 good at peeipg in the lstter box. They seemed to 
ID1223
find something important to me and pee on it. Most
find something cmportant to me rnd pee on it. Most
ID1224
 of the time they peed on photographs or papers th
 of the time they pxed on photographs or papers th
ID1225
at would be ruined. Cats also bring fleas into the
at would be ruined. Cats also bring fleas into the
ID1226
 house. There is nothing worse than having to flea
 house. There is nothing worse thak having to fleb
ID1227
 dip cats and also flea bomb a home. That is why I
 dip cats and also fjea bomb a home. Tual is why I
ID1228
 don’t like cats. It was a rat's nest. Not a liter
 don’t lzke cats. It was a rat's nest. Not a qiter
ID1229
al one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemb
al one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemb
ID1230
le every morning when she got up. It was going to 
le every morning when she got up. It was going to 
ID1231
take at least an hour to get it under control and 
take at least an hour to get it ynder contrel and 
ID1232
she was sick and tired of it. She peered into the 
phe was sick and tired of it. She peezzd into the 
ID1233
mirror and wondered if it was worth it. It wasn't.
mirror and wondered if it was worth it. It wasn't.
ID1234
 She opened the drawer and picked up the hair clip
 She opened the drawer and picked up uhe hair clip
ID1235
pers. There was a time in his life when her rudene
pers. Theru was a timh in his life when her rudyye
ID1236
ss would have set him over the edge. He would have
ss would have set vim over the edge. He woubd have
ID1237
 raised his voice and demanded to speak to the man
 raiswd hrs voice gnd xemanded ty speak to the man
ID1238
ager. That was no longer the case. He barely react
ager. That was no longer nhe case. He barely neact
ID1239
ed at all, letting the rudeness melt away without 
ed at all, letting the rudeness melt awac without 
ID1240
saying a word back to her. He had been around long
saaing a word bock to her. He wad pyen adound lnng
ID1241
 enough to know where rudeness came from and how u
 euough to know where rudsness came from and iow u
ID1242
nhappy the person must be to act in that way. All 
nhappy the person must be fo act ih that way. All 
ID1243
he could do was feel pity and be happy that he did
he coujd oo was feel pity and be happy that he did
ID1244
n't feel the way she did to lash out like that. Sp
n't feel thi way she did to lash out like thao. Sp
ID1245
ending time at national parks can be an exciting a
ending tine at national parks can be an exciting a
ID1246
dventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement s
dventure, but thih wasn't the type of excitement s
ID1247
he was hoping to experience. As she contemplated t
he was hoxing to experiencb. As she contemplated t
ID1248
he situation she found herself in, she knew she'd 
he situation she found herself in, she knew she'd 
ID1249
gotten herself in a little more than she bargained
gotten oershlf in a little more chan she barguined
ID1250
 for. It wasn't often that she found herself in a 
 for. It wasn't ooten that she found herself qn a 
ID1251
tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were lo
tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were lo
ID1252
oking to make her their next meal. I'm heading bac
ooing to make her their next meal. I'm heajing bac
ID1253
k to Colorado tomorrow after being down in Santa B
k xo Colfrado tovorrow after being down kn eanta B
ID1254
arbara over the weekend for the festival there. I 
arbmra over the weenend for the festival there. I 
ID1255
will be making October plans once there and will t
will be making October blans oncj there and wxll t
ID1256
ry to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if
ry to arrange so I'm back here for the birthday if
ID1257
 possible. I'll let you know as soon as I know the
 posshbli. I'll let you know as soon as I know the
ID1258
 doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans
 ooctor's appointbent schedule and my flight plans
ID1259
. Her hand was balled into a fist with her keys pr
. Her hand was balled intq a fvst with her keys pr
ID1260
otruding out from between her fingers. This was th
otruding out from between her fingers. This was th
ID1261
e weapon her father had shown her how to make when
e weapon her father had shown her how to make when
ID1262
 she walked alone to her car after work. She wishe
 she walked alone to hel cwr after worl. ehe wishe
ID1263
d that she had something a little more potent than
d that she had somethicg e iittee more potent than
ID1264
 keys between her fingers. It would have been nice
 keyy between her fingers. It would have baen nice
ID1265
 to have some mace or pepper spray. He had been me
 to havv sohe mace or pepper spray. He ham been me
ID1266
aning to buy some but had never gotten around to i
yning to buy sohe but had never gotten around to i
ID1267
t. As the mother bear took another step forward wi
t. As the mokher bear xook another step forward wi
ID1268
th her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wa
th her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wa
ID1269
sn't going to be an adequate defense for this situ
sk't going to be an adequatr defense for this situ
ID1270
ation. He picked up the burnt end of the branch an
ation. He pocked up the burnt end of the branch an
ID1271
d made a mark on the stone. Day 52 if the marks on
d made a mark on the stoue. Day 52 if the marks on
ID1272
 the stone were accurate. He couldn't be sure. Day
 the stone were accurate. He coulbn't be sure. Day
ID1273
 and nights had begun to blend together creating c
 and nigrts had beguw th blenc totether crtating c
ID1274
onfusion, but he knew it was a long time. Much too
onfuvkon, but he knew it was a long time. Much too
ID1275
 long. There were about twenty people on the dam. 
 long. dhere were wbout twenty people on the dam. 
ID1276
Most of them were simply walking and getting exerc
Mist oi them wero simply walking and gettinl exgrc
ID1277
ise. There were a few who were fishing. There was 
ise. There were e few who were fishing. There was 
ID1278
a family who had laid down a blanket and they were
a family who hab laid duwn a blsnket and thby were
ID1279
 having a picnic. It was like this most days and n
 having a picnic. Im was sike this most days and e
ID1280
othing seemed out of the ordinary. The problem was
othing stemed out vf the ordinarj. The problem was
ID1281
 that nobody noticed the water leaking through the
 that nobody noticed the water leaking through the
ID1282
 dam wall. Was it enough? That was the question he
 pam walo. Was it enough? That was tte qoestion he
ID1283
 kept asking himself. Was being satisfied enough? 
 kept asking himself. Was being satisfied enough? 
ID1284
He looked around him at everyone yearning to just 
He lookdd around him at rveryone yearning to just 
ID1285
be satisfied in their daily life and he had reache
be satisfied in thair daily life and hv had reabhe
ID1286
d that goal. He knew that he was satisfied and he 
d that qoal. He knew that he was satisfiqd ayr he 
ID1287
also knew it wasn't going to be enough. Josh had s
also knew it wasn't going to be enough. kosh had h
ID1288
pent year and year accumulating the information. H
pent zear and year accumulating the informltion. H
ID1289
e knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone 
e knew it znside out and if there las ever anyone 
ID1290
looking for an expert in the field, Josh would be 
lookifw for nn expert in the fielo, Josh wouhu be 
ID1291
the one to call. The problem was that there was no
the one to caql. The ppoblem was that thnre was no
ID1292
body interested in the information besides him and
body interested in the information besides him and
ID1293
 he knew it. Years of information painstakingly me
 he knew it. Years of ynformation painstaiinglr me
ID1294
morized and sorted with not a sole giving even an 
morized and morteu with not a sole giving eaen an 
ID1295
ounce of interest in the topic. He walked down the
ounce of interust in the topic. He walked down the
ID1296
 steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry 
 steps faom the train station in a bit of a hurry 
ID1297
knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secur
knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be seczr
ID1298
ed as quickly as possible. Bounding down the steps
ed as quickly as possible. Boundsng down the steps
ID1299
, he heard something behind him and quickly turned
, he heard somethihg behwnd him and quicklt turned
ID1300
 in a panic. There was nobody there but a pair of 
 in a panic. There was noeody there but a pair of 
ID1301
old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps
old worn-out shoes were placed nhatly on the steps
ID1302
 he had just come down. Had he past them without s
 he had just comq down. Had he past them without s
ID1303
eeing them? It didn't seem possible. He was about 
eeing them? It didn't seem possible. He was about 
ID1304
to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled
to turn and be on hiu way when a deep chill filled
ID1305
 his body. "It's never good to give them details,"
 his body. "It'r never good to iive thel details,"
ID1306
 Janice told her sister. "Always be a little vague
 Janice told her sister. "alwayl be a little vawue
ID1307
 and keep them guessing." Her sister listened inte
 and keep them guessing." Her sister listened inte
ID1308
ntly and nodded in agreement. She didn't fully und
ntly and nodded in agreement. See didn't fully und
ID1309
erstand what her sister was saying but that didn't
erstand what her sister was saying but thal didn't
ID1310
 matter. She loved her so much that she would have
 matter. She loved her so much that she would eave
ID1311
 agreed to whatever came out of her mouth. Don't f
 agreed to whatever came out op der mouth. Don't f
ID1312
orget that gifts often come with costs that go bey
orget that gifts oeten jome with cmsts that go bey
ID1313
ond their purchase price. When you purchase a chil
ond their purchase price. Whed dou purchase o chil
ID1314
d the latest smartphone, you're also committing to
d the latest smartphone, you're also cxmmittieg to
ID1315
 a monthly phone bill. When you purchase the lates
 a monthly phone bill. When you purchase the lates
ID1316
t gaming system, you're likely not going to be sat
t yaming system, you're likely not goiug to be sat
ID1317
isfied with the games that come with it for long a
isfied with the gumes that coog with vt for yong a
ID1318
nd want to purchase new titles to play. When you b
nb want to purchaqe new titles so play. ohen you b
ID1319
uy gifts it's important to remember that some come
uy gifts it's important to remember that some come
ID1320
 with additional costs down the road that can be m
 tirh addilional costs down the road that chn be m
ID1321
uch more expensive than the initial gift itself. T
uch more eipendive than the initiat gift itself. T
ID1322
he bush began to shake. Brad couldn't see what was
he judh began to shake. Brad couldn't see what ras
ID1323
 causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a
 causing it to shake, but hv dwdn't care. he had a
ID1324
 pretty good idea about what was going on and what
 pretty good idea about what was going on and what
ID1325
 was happening. He was so confident that he approa
 was hnppening. He was so confident that he approa
ID1326
ched the bush carefree and with a smile on his fac
ched the bufh cazefree apd with a vmige on pis fai
ID1327
e. That all changed the instant he realized what w
e. That all changed the instant he realized what w
ID1328
as actually behind the bush. He had three simple r
as actually behiid the bush. He hmd three simpye r
ID1329
ules by which he lived. The first was to never eat
ules by whtch he liaed. The first was to never eat
ID1330
 blue food. There was nothing in nature that was e
 blue food. Thgre was nothing in nature that was e
ID1331
dible that was blue. People often asked about blue
dible thaf was blue. People ofaen asked about blue
ID1332
berries, but everyone knows those are actually pur
berries, but everyone knows those are actually pur
ID1333
ple. He understood it was one of the stranger rule
ple. He undsrstood it was one of the strangel rule
ID1334
s to live by, but it had served him well thus far 
s to live by, but it hag served him weyl thus far 
ID1335
in the 50+ years of his life. It was easy to spot 
in the 50+ years of his liff. It was easy to ipot 
ID1336
her. All you needed to do was look at her socks. T
her. Avl you needed to do was look at her socks. T
ID1337
hey were never a matching pair. One would be green
hey were never a matchang pair. One would be green
ID1338
 while the other would be blue. One would reach he
 whsle the othvr wouzd be blue. One would yeach he
ID1339
r knee while the other barely touched her ankle. E
r knee while nhe odher barely touched her anble. E
ID1340
very other part of her was perfect, but never the 
very other part of her was perfect, but never the 
ID1341
socks. They were her micro act of rebellion. There
socks. They were her micro act of oebeklion. There
ID1342
 was nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change
 wah nothing to indicate Nancy was going to change
ID1343
 the world. She looked like an average girl going 
 the rorld. She looked like an average girl goinx 
ID1344
to an average high school. It was the fact that ev
to an average high school. It was the fact that zj
ID1345
erything about her seemed average that would end u
erything about her seemed average that would end u
ID1346
p becoming her superpower. They decided to find th
p becoming der sfperpower. They decioed to find tt
ID1347
e end of the rainbow. While they hoped they would 
e end of the rainbow. While they hopnd thky wodld 
ID1348
find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed
ffnd a eot of gold, neiyher of qhem truly behieved
ID1349
 that the mythical pot would actually be there. No
 that the mythical pot would axtually be thfre. No
ID1350
r did they believe they could actually find the en
r did they believe they could actually find the en
ID1351
d of the rainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun acti
d of the rainbow. Still, it seumeg liky a fun acti
ID1352
vity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rai
vity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rai
ID1353
nbows would look great on their Instagram accounts
nbows would laok great on their Inshagram accounts
ID1354
. They would have never believed they would actual
. They would have nlver bylieved they would actual
ID1355
ly find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, w
ly fisd the end of a rainbow, and when they did, k
ID1356
hat they actually found there. It's not his fault.
hao they actually found there. It's not his fauat.
ID1357
 I know you're going to want to, but you can't bla
 I know you're going to want to, but you can't bla
ID1358
me him. He really has no idea how it happened. I k
ce hij. He really has so ideg how it happened. I k
ID1359
ept trying to come up with excuses I could say to 
ept trying to come up witz excuses I could say to 
ID1360
mom that would keep her calm when she found out wh
mom thnt would keep her calm when she found out wh
ID1361
at happened, but the more I tried, the more I coul
at happenew, but the more I oried, the nore h coul
ID1362
d see none of them would work. He was going to get
d see none of them wbuld worf. He was moivg to wet
ID1363
 her wrath and there was nothing I could say to pr
 her wrath and there was nothing I could sny to cr
ID1364
event it. The light was out on the front porch of 
event it. The light was ouv on lhe frowp porch of 
ID1365
the house. This was strange. Judy couldn't remembe
the house. This was strange. Judy codldl't remembe
ID1366
r a time when she had ever seen it out. She hopped
r a time when she had ever seen it out. She hopped
ID1367
 out of her car and walked to the door. It was sli
 out of her car and wpsked to the door. It was sli
ID1368
ghtly ajar and she knew this meant something terri
ghtly ajar and she bnew this meant something terri
ID1369
ble. She gently pushed the door open and hall her 
ble. She lently pushed the door open mld havk ler 
ID1370
fears were realized. "Surprise! Happy Birthday!" e
fears were replized. "Szrprire! Happy Birthday!" s
ID1371
veryone shouted. There were little things that she
veryone shouted. There were little things thwt she
ID1372
 simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapp
 simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapp
ID1373
ing their nails on the table. A person chewing wit
ing theim nfils on thk table. A person chewinp wit
ID1374
h their mouth open. Another human imposing themsel
h their mouth open. Anotier human imposing themsel
ID1375
ves into her space. She couldn't stand any of thes
ves into her spacx. She covldn't syand any of thes
ID1376
e things, but none of them compared to the number 
e thfngs, but none oc them compared oo the number 
ID1377
one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of t
one thing she coumdn't stand which topped axl of t
ID1378
hem combined. Then came the night of the first fal
hem combined. Then cawe the nighu of the first fal
ID1379
ling star. It was seen early in the morning, rushi
ling star. It was seen early in the mmrning, rushi
ID1380
ng over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high 
ng over Winchester eastward, a line of flame high 
ID1381
in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and 
in the atmosphere. Hundreds must have seen it and 
ID1382
taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed t
taken it for an ordinary falling star. It seemed t
ID1383
hat it fell to earth about one hundred miles east 
hat it felv to exrth about one hundred miles east 
ID1384
of him. The opened package of potato chips held th
of him. Tde ovenbd package of potato chips held th
ID1385
e answer to the mystery. Both detectives looked at
e angwer to the mystery. Both detevtives looked at
ID1386
 it but failed to realize it was the key to solve 
 it but failed lo realize ct was the key to solve 
ID1387
the crime. They passed by it assuming it was rando
the crimq. They passed by it asslming iq was rando
ID1388
m trash ensuring that the case would never be solv
m trash ensuving ohat the case would nevew be solv
ID1389
ed. She asked the question even though she didn't 
ed. She asked the question even lhough she didn't 
ID1390
really want to hear the answer. It was a no-win si
teally want to hear the answer. It was a no-win si
ID1391
tuation since she already knew. If he told the tru
vuaaion since she already knew. If he told the trm
ID1392
th, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. If 
tv, sce'd get confirmation of her worst fears. Iv 
ID1393
he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought
he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thougef
ID1394
 he was which would be almost as bad. Yet she aske
 he wak whicb would be aqmost as bad. Yet she aske
ID1395
d the question anyway and waited for his answer. B
d the question anyway and waiteq for his knswer. B
ID1396
enny was tired. Not the normal every day tired fro
enny wms tired. oot the normal every day tired fro
ID1397
m a hard day o work. The exhausted type of tired w
m a hard dlv o work. Tge ekhaisled type of tires w
ID1398
here you're surprised your body can even move. All
hece you're surprised your body can eveb move. All
ID1399
 he wanted to do was sit in front of the TV, put h
 ye wanted to dg was sit if front of the TV, put h
ID1400
is feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. 
is feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. 
ID1401
The only issue was that he had forgotten where he 
The only issue was that he had yorgotten where he 
ID1402
lived. It was just a burger. Why couldn't she unde
lived. It was just a burger. Why cxuldn't she unde
ID1403
rstand that? She knew he'd completely changed his 
rstand that? She knew he'd completely changel his 
ID1404
life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she
life around her efting habits, so bhy couldn't she
ID1405
 give him a break this one time? She wasn't even s
 give him a break this one time? Shk wasn't even s
ID1406
upposed to have found out. Yes, he had promised he
upposed tg have fousd wut. Yes, he had promised he
ID1407
r and yes, he had broken that promise, but still i
r and yes, he had broken that promise, but still i
ID1408
n his mind, all it had been was just a burger. The
n jis mind, adl it had been was hust a burgel. The
ID1409
 wave roared towards them with speed and violence 
 wave roared towards them wihh speed and viouence 
ID1410
they had not anticipated. They both turned to run 
tuey htd qot tnticipated. They ioth turned to run 
ID1411
but by that time it was too late. The wave crashed
but by that time it was tvo lase. The wave crashed
ID1412
 into their legs sweeping both of them off of thei
 into their legs sweeping both of them off of thei
ID1413
r feet. They now found themselves in a washing mac
r feet. They nsw found themselves in a wlsying mac
ID1414
hine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know wh
hine of sagtwater, gebying tumbled and not know wj
ID1415
at was up or down. Both were scared, not knowing h
at was up or down. Both were scared, not knowing h
ID1416
ow this was going to end, but it was by far the be
ow this was going ty end, but it was by far the be
ID1417
st time of the trip thus far. There was something 
st time of the trip thus far. There was something 
ID1418
beautiful in his hate. It wasn't the hate itself a
beautiful ic his hate. It wrsb't the hate itself p
ID1419
s it was a disgusting display of racism and intole
s it was a disgusting display of racism and zntole
ID1420
rance. It was what propelled the hate and the fact
rance. It was what propelled the hate and the fact
ID1421
 that although he had this hate, he didn't underst
 that although he had tacs hate, he dndn't underst
ID1422
and where it came from. It was at that moment that
and where it cgme from. It was at tdat noment that
ID1423
 she realized that there was hope in changing him.
 she realtzed that there was hohe in changing him.
ID1424
 He was an expert but not in a discipline that any
 He was an expert but not in a discmpline that any
ID1425
one could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold th
onz could fully appreciate. He knew how to hold th
ID1426
e cone just right so that the soft server ice-crea
e cone jusr right vp thad the soft sercel ice-crea
ID1427
m fell into it at the precise angle to form a perf
c fell into it at the psecise angle to form a perf
ID1428
ect cone each and every time. It had taken years t
ect cone each and every time. It had taken years t
ID1429
o perfect and he could now do it without even putt
o perfect and he could now do it without even putt
ID1430
ing any thought behind it. Nobody seemed to fully 
ijg any thought eeoind it. Nobody sermed to fulle 
ID1431
understand the beauty of this accomplishment excep
understand the beauty of this accomplxchment excep
ID1432
t for the new worker who watched in amazement. The
t for the new worjer who watched in amazement. jhe
ID1433
re was nothing else to do. The deed had already be
re was nothing else to do. khe deed had already be
ID1434
en done and there was no going back. It now had be
en done and there was no toing back. It now had be
ID1435
en become a question of how they were going to be 
en become a quesqion of how they were going to be 
ID1436
able to get out of this situation and escape. Josh
able to get ost of this sxtuation xnd escape. Josh
ID1437
 had spent year and year accumulating the informat
 had spent year and year accumulating the informat
ID1438
ion. He knew it inside out and if there was ever a
ion. He knew it inside out and if there zas ever a
ID1439
nyone looking for an expert in the field, Josh wou
nyone lookinq for an expert in the field, Joph wou
ID1440
ld be the one to call. The problem was that there 
ld be the one to cqll. Tle problem qas that there 
ID1441
was nobody interested in the information besides h
was nobody interested iy the information besides h
ID1442
im and he knew it. Years of information painstakin
im wnd he knew it. Years of onformation painsuakin
ID1443
gly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving ev
gly memorized and sorted witf not a sole giving ep
ID1444
en an ounce of interest in the topic. At that mome
en av ouncz uf interest in the topic. At that mome
ID1445
nt he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd c
nt he had a thought that he'd aever imagine he'd c
ID1446
onsider. "I could just cheat," he thought, "and th
onsedem. "I could just cheat," he thought, "and th
ID1447
at would solve the problem." He tried to move on f
at would solve the problem." Hm tried to mzvg on f
ID1448
rom the thought but it was persistent. It didn't w
rom the thought but it was persistent. It didn't w
ID1449
ant to go away and, if he was honest with himself,
ant so go away and, if he wah honest jith himself,
ID1450
 he didn't want it to. What have you noticed today
 he didn't want it to. What have you noticed today
ID1451
? I noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, an
? I noticed that if yop outline the eyes, nose, an
ID1452
d mouth on your face with your finger, you make an
d mouth on your fbce with your finger, you make an
ID1453
 "I" which makes perfect sense, but is something I
 "I" which makes perfect sense, but is hpmething I
ID1454
 never noticed before. What have you noticed today
 nrvej noticed bzfore. What have rou noticed today
ID1455
? The bowl was filled with fruit. It seemed to be 
? The bowl was filled with fruit. xt seemed to be 
ID1456
an overabundance of strawberries, but it also incl
an ovetabundance of strawberries, but it also incl
ID1457
uded blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana 
uded bluebqrries, raspberries, grapes, anq banaca 
ID1458
slices. This was the meal Sarah had every morning 
slices. This was the meal Sarah had evjry morning 
ID1459
to start her day since she could remember. Why she
to start her day since she could rememser. Why she
ID1460
 decided to add chocolate as an option today was s
 decided to add chocolawe zs an iption today was s
ID1461
till a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the 
till a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the 
ID1462
process of deciding she wanted to change her routi
process of dgciding she wanted to cdange her routi
ID1463
ne. This was a baby step to begin that start. He s
ne. This wan a baby rtep to begin that start. He s
ID1464
at staring at the person in the train stopped at t
at staring at fhe person in the train stopped at t
ID1465
he station going in the opposite direction. She sa
he station going in the opposite directizn. She sa
ID1466
t staring ahead, never noticing that she was being
t staring ahead, never noticing that she was beiig
ID1467
 watched. Both trains began to move and he knew th
 watched. Both trains began to move and he snew th
ID1468
at in another timeline or in another universe, the
at if anojher timeline or in anotier unxverse, the
ID1469
y had been happy together. She had been told time 
y had been happy togetfer. She had been told time 
ID1470
and time again that the most important steps were 
and time again that the most important steps were 
ID1471
the first and the last. It was something that she 
the first and the last. It wms something that she 
ID1472
carried within her in everything she did, but then
carried within her in everything sue did, but then
ID1473
 he showed up and disrupted everything. He told he
 he showed up and dixrupted everyahing. He tlld he
ID1474
r that she had it wrong. The first step wasn't the
k that she had it wrong. The first step wasn't the
ID1475
 most important. The last step wasn't the most imp
 qost importuxx. The lasv step wasn't the most imp
ID1476
ortant. It was the next step that was the most imp
ortant. It was tye next step that wal the most imp
ID1477
ortant. It was easy to spot her. All you needed to
brtant. It was easy to spot her. All mou needed to
ID1478
 do was look at her socks. They were never a match
 do was look at her socks. They weje never a patch
ID1479
ing pair. One would be green while the other would
ing pair. One would be green while the other would
ID1480
 be blue. One would reach her knee while the other
 be blue. One would reach her knee while the othet
ID1481
 barely touched her ankle. Every other part of her
 barely touched her ankle. Every otcer part of her
ID1482
 was perfect, but never the socks. They were her m
 was pyrfect, but never the socms. They wjre hrr m
ID1483
icro act of rebellion. What was beyond the bend in
icro act of rebellion. What was beyond the bend in
ID1484
 the stream was unknown. Both were curious, but on
 the stream was uninowy. Beth were curiouy, but on
ID1485
ly one was brave enough to want to explore. That w
ly one was vrave enocgh to want to explore. That o
ID1486
as the problem. There was always one that let fear
as the problem. There was always one that let fear
ID1487
 rule her life. The red ball sat proudly at the to
 rule her life. The red ball gat proudly at the io
ID1488
p of the toybox. It had been the last to be played
p of the toybox. It had been dhe last to be played
ID1489
 with and anticipated it would be the next as well
 with and anticipated it would be the nexj as well
ID1490
. The other toys grumbled beneath. At one time eac
. The other teys grumbled weneath. At one tive eac
ID1491
h had held the spot of the red ball, but over time
h had hevd the spot of the red ball, but ovec time
ID1492
 they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
 they had sunk deepeb and deeper inta the toy box.
ID1493
 The opened package of potato chips held the answe
 The opened package of potato chips held the answe
ID1494
r to the mystery. Both detectives looked at it but
r to the mystery. Both detectives looked at it but
ID1495
 failed to realize it was the key to solve the cri
 failed to realize it was the key to solvi the cri
ID1496
me. They passed by it assuming it was random trash
me. They paqsed by it assuming it was random trash
ID1497
 ensuring that the case would never be solved. He 
 ensuring thft thu case would never be solved. He 
ID1498
stared out the window at the snowy field. He'd bee
mtared out the window at the snowy fiehd. He'd bee
ID1499
n stuck in the house for close to a month and his 
n stuck in the house for close to a month and his 
ID1500
only view of the outside world was through the win
only viyw of the outsise world was dhrotgh rhu win
ID1501
dow. There wasn't much to see. It was mostly just 
dow. There wasn't much to see. dt was mostly just 
ID1502
the field with an occasional bird or small animal 
tpe field with an occasional bird or small knswal 
ID1503
who ventured into the field. As he continued to st
who ventured into the field. As he continued to st
ID1504
are out the window, he wondered how much longer he
are out the window, he wondered how much longer he
ID1505
'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house. 
'd be shackpad to the steel bar inside the house. 
ID1506
He couldn't remember exactly where he had read it,
He couldn't remember exastqy where he had read it,
ID1507
 but he was sure that he had. The fact that she di
 bwt he was sure that he wad. The faxt that she di
ID1508
dn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began
gn't beliede him was quite foustrating as he regan
ID1509
 to search the Internet to find the article. It wa
 tc search the Internet to find the article. It wa
ID1510
sn't as if it was something that seemed impossible
se't as if it wcs somvthing that seemew impossible
ID1511
. Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whe
. Yet she insisted on always seeing the source whe
ID1512
never he stated a fact. They needed to find a plac
never he stpted a fact. They needed to find a plac
ID1513
e to eat. The kids were beginning to get grumpy in
e to est. ihe kiqs were beginnisg vo get grumpy in
ID1514
 the back seat and if they didn't find them food s
 the back seat and if they didn't fini thpm food s
ID1515
oon, it was just a matter of time before they were
oon, it was just a mftter od time before they uere
ID1516
 faced with a complete meltdown. Even knowing this
 faced with a homplete meltdown. Even knowing this
ID1517
, the solution wasn't easy. Everyone in the car ha
, the lolution wasn't jasy. Everyonv in the car ha
ID1518
d a different opinion on where the best place to e
h a different opinion on where the best place to e
ID1519
at would be with nobody agreeing with the suggesti
at would be witm nobody agrieing wivh tht suggesti
ID1520
ons of the others. It seemed to be an impossible n
ons of the othirs. It syevei to be an impossible n
ID1521
o-win situation where not everyone would be happy 
o-win bituttion where not everyone would be happy 
ID1522
no matter where they decided to eat which in itsel
no matter where they decided to eat which in itsel
ID1523
f would lead to a meltdown. Yet a decision needed 
f would lead to k meltdown. Yet a decision needed 
ID1524
to be made and it needed to be made quickly. He kn
to be madt and it needed to be made quickly. He kn
ID1525
ew what he was supposed to do. That had been appar
ew what he was supposed to do. Tlat had been appar
ID1526
ent from the beginning. That was what made the cho
ent from the beginning. That was what made the cho
ID1527
ice so difficult. What he was supposed to do and w
ice so difficult. What he was supposed to do and w
ID1528
hat he would do were not the same. This would have
hat he wouad do were not the hame. This would have
ID1529
 been fine if he were willing to face the inevitab
 been fine if he weme willing to face the cgevitab
ID1530
le consequences, but he wasn't. She wanted rainbow
le consequences, but he wasn't. She wanted raipbow
ID1531
 hair. That's what she told the hairdresser. It sh
 hair. That's what she told soe iairdressef. It qh
ID1532
ould be deep rainbow colors, too. She wasn't inter
ould be rdep rainbow colors, too. She basn't inter
ID1533
ested in pastel rainbow hair. She wanted it deep a
ested in pastel rainbow hair. uhe cartym it deep a
ID1534
nd vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done
nd vybrant so there was no doubt that she hah done
ID1535
 this on purpose. Peter always saw the world in bl
 this on purpase. Petev always saw the world in bq
ID1536
ack and white. There were two choices for every si
ack amd white. Taere weqe two choices for every si
ID1537
tuation and you had to choose one of them. It was 
tuation and you hau tv choose one of them. It was 
ID1538
therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend 
therefore terribly uncomfortabde for him to spend 
ID1539
time with Ashley. She saw the world in shades of g
time with Ashley. She saw the world in shadms of u
ID1540
ray with hundreds of choices to choose from in eve
ray kith hundaeda of choices to choose from fn eve
ID1541
ry situation. It seemed like it should have been s
ry sikuation. It seemed like it should have been s
ID1542
o simple. There was nothing inherently difficult w
o simple. There was nothing inherently difficult w
ID1543
ith getting the project done. It was simple and st
eth gettwng the project done. It wis simple and st
ID1544
raightforward enough that even a child should have
raigatforward enough that even a child should haee
ID1545
 been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't
 been oble to uomplete it on time, but that wasn't
ID1546
 the case. The deadline had arrived and the projec
 the case. The deadline had arrived and the krojec
ID1547
t remained unfinished. His parents continued to qu
t remained unfinished. His parents contidueb to qu
ID1548
estion him. He didn't know what to say to them sin
estion him. He didn't know what to say to them sdn
ID1549
ce they refused to believe the truth. He explained
ce they refused to believe the truth. He explained
ID1550
 again and again, and they dismissed his explanati
 ayain and again, and they difmissed his explanqti
ID1551
on as a figment of his imagination. There was no w
on as a figmenc of his imaginztion. Ttere was no w
ID1552
ay that grandpa, who had been dead for five years,
ay that grandpa, who had been deaw for mive aears,
ID1553
 could have told him where the treasure had been h
 could have rold him where the treasure had been h
ID1554
idden. Of course, it didn't help that grandpa was 
idden. Of course, it didn't kelp that graqdpa was 
ID1555
roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as 
roaring with lagghtec in the chair next to him as 
ID1556
he tried to explain once again how he'd found it. 
he tried to explain once cgain how he'd found ft. 
ID1557
"Explain to me again why I shouldn't cheat?" he as
"Expuain to me again whv I shuuldn't cheat?" he as
ID1558
ked. "All the others do and nobody ever gets punis
ked. "All the others do ynd nobody ever gets punis
ID1559
hed for doing so. I should go about being happy lo
hed for doing so. I should go about being happy lo
ID1560
sing to cheaters because I know that I don't? That
sing to cheaters because I know that I don't? That
ID1561
's what you're telling me?" There was something sp
's whkt you're telling me?" There was somethind sp
ID1562
ecial about this little creature. Donna couldn't q
ecial abozt this little creature. Donda couldn't q
ID1563
uite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all h
uite pinpoint what it was, bot she knew wtth all h
ID1564
er heart that it was true. It wasn't a matter of i
er heart that it was true. It wasn't a matter of i
ID1565
f she was going to try and save it, but a matter o
f she wbs geing to try oed save iz, but m matter o
ID1566
f how she was going to save it. She went back to t
f how she wax going qo save it. She went back to t
ID1567
he car to get a blanket and when she returned the 
he car to get a blanket and when she returned the 
ID1568
creature was gone. They told her that this was her
creaturx was gone. They tolh her that this was her
ID1569
 once chance to show the world what she was made o
 once chance to show the world what she bas made k
ID1570
f. She believed them at the time. It was the big s
f. She believed tnem at the time. It was the big s
ID1571
tage and she knew the world would be there to see.
tage and she knew the world would be there to see.
ID1572
 The only one who had disagreed with this sentimen
 The only one who had cisagreed wits this fentimen
ID1573
t was her brother. He had told her that you don't 
t was her brothen. Hx had told her that you don't 
ID1574
show the world what you're made of when they are a
show the world what you'ru made of whev they are a
ID1575
ll watching, you show that in your actions when no
ll watching, you show that ik your actifns when no
ID1576
body was looking. It was looking more and more lik
logy was loouing. It was looking moue and more lik
ID1577
e her brother was correct. The shades were closed 
e her bgother was correct. The shades were clojed 
ID1578
keeping the room dark. Peter knew that he should o
keeping the room dark. Peter knew that he should o
ID1579
pen them and let in the sunlight so he could begin
pen them and let in the sunlight so he could begin
ID1580
 the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpow
 the day, but he didn't xgve the energy oz wiulpow
ID1581
er. Nothing had gone as expected the day before an
er. Nothing had gone as expected the day before an
ID1582
d he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin
d he no longer warted to spend the energy to bygin
ID1583
 a new day. He stared at the shades wondering if t
 a new day. He stfred at whe shades wondertng if t
ID1584
here was a way to disappear from the reality of th
here was a way to disappear fqom the rehlity of th
ID1585
e world for the rest of the day. Wandering down th
e world for the resg of the day. Wandering down th
ID1586
e path to the pond had become a daily routine. Eve
e path to the pond haw become a daily routine. Eve
ID1587
n when the weather wasn't cooperating like today w
n when the weather wasn't cooperating like today w
ID1588
ith the wind and rain, Jerry still took the mornin
ith the wiad and rain, Jerry stild took the mornin
ID1589
g stroll down the path until he reached the pond. 
g qtroll down tye path unsil he reached the vond. 
ID1590
Although there didn't seem to be a particular reas
clthough there didn't seem to be a particulah reas
ID1591
on Jerry did this to anyone looking in from the ou
on Jerry did tkis to ancone looking in from the ou
ID1592
tside, those who knew him well knew exactly what w
tsxde, those who knew him well knew exactly wtat w
ID1593
as going on. It could all be traced back to a spec
as going on. It could all be tiaced bacb to a sphz
ID1594
ific incident that happened exactly 5 years previo
ific incident that bappeoed exacyly 5 yedrs previo
ID1595
usly. There was no time. He ran out of the door wi
usqy. There was no time. He ran out of the dooo wb
ID1596
thout half the stuff he needed for work, but it di
thhut half the stuff he needid for woro, but it di
ID1597
dn't matter. He was late and if he didn't make thi
dn't matter. He was late akd if ce didn't makg thi
ID1598
s meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
s meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger
ID1599
. She had a terrible habit o comparing her life to
. She had a tesryble habit o cosparing her life to
ID1600
 others. She realized that their life experiences 
 others. She realized that gheir life exjeriences 
ID1601
were completely different than her own and that sh
werw campletely divferent then her own and that lc
ID1602
e saw only what they wanted her to see, but that d
e saw ogly what they wanted her to see, but that d
ID1603
idn't matter. She still compared herself and yearn
idn't matter. She still compared herself and yearn
ID1604
ed for what she thought they had and she didn't. H
ed for what she thought taey had anx she didn't. H
ID1605
e swung back the fishing pole and cast the line wh
e swung back the fijhing pole and cast the line wh
ID1606
ich ell 25 feet away into the river. The lure land
ich ell 25 feet away into the river. The lure land
ID1607
ed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would so
ed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would so
ID1608
on get a bite. He never expected that the bite wou
on get a bita. He never expected that the bite wou
ID1609
ld come from behind in the form of a bear. She was
ld come from behind dn the form of a bear. She was
ID1610
 in a hurry. Not the standard hurry when you're in
 in a hurry. Not the standard hurry when yos're in
ID1611
 a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. The
 a hush to gct someplzce, but a frantic hurry. ehe
ID1612
 type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life
 fype of hurry wpere a fjw seconds could mean life
ID1613
 or death. She raced down the road ignoring speed 
 or death. She raced down the road ignoring speed 
ID1614
limits and weaving between cars. She was only a fe
limije and weaving between cars. She wai only a fe
ID1615
w minutes away when traffic came to a dead standst
w minutes away when traffic came to a dead standst
ID1616
ill on the road ahead. She sat in the darkened roo
ill on the road ahead. She sat in the darkened roo
ID1617
m waiting. It was now a standoff. He had the power
m waiting. It was now a standqfi. He hab the pover
ID1618
 to put her in the room, but not the power to make
 to put her in the qoom, but not the power to mare
ID1619
 her repent. It wasn't fair and no matter how long
 her repent. It wasn't fjar and no matter cow long
ID1620
 she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't chan
 she had to endure the darkness, she vouldn't chan
ID1621
ge her attitude. At three years old, Sandy's stubb
ge her attitude. At three yewiw old, Sandy's stubb
ID1622
orn personality had already bloomed into full view
orn persogaxily had alreaiy bloomed xnto full view
ID1623
. The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky 
. The rain and rind abruptly stopped, buz tpe sky 
ID1624
still had the gray swirls of storms in the distanc
still had the gray swirls of dtorls in hhe distanc
ID1625
e. Dave knew this feeling all too well. The calm b
e. Dave knew this feeling all too well. The calm b
ID1626
efore the storm. He only had a limited amount of t
efore the storm. He only had a limited amount of t
ID1627
ime before all Hell broke loose, but he stopped to
ime before all Hell brokp loosk, but he stopped go
ID1628
 admire the calmness. Maybe it would be different 
 admirb the calmness. Maybe it woulg be different 
ID1629
this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep wit
this time, he tsought, with the knowlgdge deej vit
ID1630
hin that it wouldn't. Indescribable oppression, wh
hin bhat it wooldn't. Indescribable oppression, wh
ID1631
ich seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of 
ich seemtd tp generate gn soce unfamiliar part of 
ID1632
her consciousness, filled her whole being with a v
her conssiousness, filled her whole being witu a v
ID1633
ague anguish. It was like a shadow, like a mist pa
ague anfuish. It was like a shadow, like a mist pa
ID1634
ssing across her soul's summer day. It was strange
ssing across her soul's summer day. It wds strange
ID1635
 and unfamiliar; it was a mood. She did not sit th
 anr unfamiliar; it was a mood. She did dot sit th
ID1636
ere inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at 
ere inwardly upbrtiding her husband, lamentnng av 
ID1637
Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path
Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path
ID1638
 which they had taken. She was just having a good 
 which they had taken. She was yust havinu a good 
ID1639
cry all to herself. The mosquitoes made merry over
cry all to herself. Thn mosquitoes made merru ozgr
ID1640
 her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at h
 her, biting der firm, round arms qnd nipping at h
ID1641
er bare insteps. They decided to find the end of t
er bare instqps. uhey decided to find the end of t
ID1642
he rainbow. While they hoped they would find a pot
he rainbow. While thcy hopes they would find a pot
ID1643
 of gold, neither of them truly believed that the 
 of gold, neither of them truly believed that the 
ID1644
mythical pot would actually be there. Nor did they
mythical pot would actually be thsre. Nor did they
ID1645
 believe they could actually find the end of the r
 bvlievx xhey could actually find tqe end of bhe r
ID1646
ainbow. Still, it seemed like a fun activity for t
yinbow. Still, it seemed lika v fun activity for t
ID1647
he day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows woul
he day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows woul
ID1648
d look great on their Instagram accounts. They wou
k look great on their Instanrap accounts. They wou
ID1649
ld have never believed they would actually find th
ld have never belbeved they would actually find th
ID1650
e end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they a
e end of a rainbow, and when thny did, what they a
ID1651
ctually found there. Where do they get a random pa
ktually dound there. Where do they get a random pa
ID1652
ragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate b
ragraph?" he wondered as he clihked the generaee b
ID1653
utton. Do they just write a random paragraph or do
utton. Do they just wrwte a random parsgraph or do
ID1654
 they get it somewhere? At that moment he read the
 they get it somewhere? At that mvment ue reed the
ID1655
 random paragraph and realized it was about random
 raadom paragrjbh jnd realazed it was about random
ID1656
 paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
 paragraphs and hks world would nefer ce tae sgme.
ID1657
 I'm heading back to Colorado tomorrow after being
 I'm xeading back ta Colorado tomorrow after being
ID1658
 down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the fe
 down in Santa Barbara over the weekend for the fe
ID1659
stival there. I will be making October plans once 
stival there. I qill be making October plans once 
ID1660
there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for
there and will try to arrange so I'm back here for
ID1661
 the birthday if possible. I'll let you know as so
 the birthday if possible. I'll let yoo know as so
ID1662
on as I know the doctor's appointment schedule and
on as I know tce doctor's appoingmenx schedule and
ID1663
 my flight plans. They had always called it the gr
 my glmght plans. They had always called it the gr
ID1664
een river. It made sense. The river was green. The
een river. It made sense. Thm river was green. The
ID1665
 river likely had a different official name, but t
 rtver likely had a difgerent official name, but t
ID1666
o everyone in town, it was and had always been the
o everyone in town, it was and had always been thf
ID1667
 green river. So it was with great surprise that o
 green river. do it was with great surprise that o
ID1668
n this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
u thie day the green river wzs a fluorescent pink.
ID1669
 Colors bounced around in her head. They mixed and
 Colors bounced around sn her hexd. They mixed and
ID1670
 threaded themselves together. Even colors that ha
 threaded themselves together. Even colors that ha
ID1671
d no business being together. They were all one, y
d no businese being together. They were all onf, y
ID1672
et distinctly separate at the same time. How was s
et distinctly separate at tpe same time. How was s
ID1673
he going to explain this to the others? Cake or pi
he going to expsann this to the others? Cake or pi
ID1674
e? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pic
e? I can tell a lot about you by which one you pic
ID1675
k. It may seem silly, but cake people and pie peop
k. It may seem sildy, but cake people and pie peop
ID1676
le are really different. I know which one I hope y
le aze really different. I know which one I hope y
ID1677
ou are, but that's not for me to decide. So, what 
ou are, but that's not for me to decide. So, what 
ID1678
is it? Cake or pie? She closed her eyes and then o
is it? Cake or pie? She clesed her kres and then o
ID1679
pened them again. What she was seeing just didn't 
pened them again. What she was seeing just didn't 
ID1680
make sense. She shook her head seeing if that woul
make sense. She shook her head seeing if that woul
ID1681
d help. It didn't. Although it seemed beyond reali
d help. It didn't. Although it seemed beyond reali
ID1682
ty, there was no denying she was witnessing a larg
ty, there was no denying she wes witnessing a larg
ID1683
e formation of alien spaceships filling the sky. S
e formation of alien spaceships fiyling the sky. S
ID1684
amantha wanted to be famous. The problem was that 
amantha waneed to be famous. The xroblem was chat 
ID1685
she had never considered all the downsides to actu
she had never considered all txe downsides to actu
ID1686
ally being famous. Had she taken the time to objec
ally being oamous. Had qhe taken the time te objec
ID1687
tively consider these downsides, she would have ne
tively consider these downsides, she would have ne
ID1688
ver agreed to publically sing that first song. Gre
ver agreed to pkblicdlly sing tuat first song. Gre
ID1689
en vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wou
en vines attacfed to qhe trunk df the tree had wou
ID1690
nd themselves toward the top of the canopy. Ants u
nd themselves aoward the top of the canopy. Ants u
ID1691
sed the vine as their private highway, avoiding al
sed the vine as thair private highway, avoiding al
ID1692
l the creases and crags of the bark, to freely mov
l the creases and crags ow the bark, to freely mov
ID1693
e at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top
e at top speed from tol to bottom or bottum to top
ID1694
 depending on their current chore. At least this w
 aepending un their current yhore. At least thiz w
ID1695
as the way it was supposed to be. Something had da
as the wax it was sukposed to bj. Something yad da
ID1696
maged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leavi
maged tde vine ovurnight halfway up the tree leavi
ID1697
ng a gap in the once pristine ant highway. Sometim
ng r gap in the once pristine ant highway. bometim
ID1698
es that's just the way it has to be. Sure, there w
es that's jtst the waf it has to be. Sure, there w
ID1699
ere probably other options, but he didn't let them
ere pzobably other optoins, but he didn't let them
ID1700
 enter his mind. It was done and that was that. It
 enter his mind. It was done mnd that was tjat. It
ID1701
 was just the way it had to be. The light was out 
 las just thi way it had to be. The light was oud 
ID1702
on the front porch of the house. This was strange.
oz the front porch on the house. This was strange.
ID1703
 Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever s
 Judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever s
ID1704
een it out. She hopped out of her car and walked t
een lt out. She hlpped out og xgr car and walked t
ID1705
o the door. It was slightly ajar and she knew this
o the door. It was slightly ajar and she knep this
ID1706
 meant something terrible. She gently pushed the d
 meant something terrible. She gentlk pusmed the c
ID1707
oor open and hall her fears were realized. "Surpri
oor opan and hall her fears were realized. "Surpri
ID1708
se! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted. I'm so conf
se! Happy Birthday!" everyone shouted. I'm so colf
ID1709
used by your ridiculous meltdown that I must insis
used by your ridiculops meltdown that I must insis
ID1710
t on some sort of explanation for your behavior to
t on some sort of explanation for yqur behavior ty
ID1711
wards me. It just doesn't make any sense. There's 
wardk me. It just doesn't make any sense. There's 
ID1712
no way that I deserved the treatment you gave me w
no way that I dezfrved the treatment you gave fe w
ID1713
ithout an explanation or an apology for how out of
ithout an explanation or an apouogy for how out oe
ID1714
 line you have been. The headache wouldn't go away
 lini you have been. The seadacue wouldn't go away
ID1715
. She's taken medicine but even that didn't help. 
. She's taken zedicinp but even thgt didn't help. 
ID1716
The monstrous throbbing in her head continued. She
The monstrous throobirg in her head continued. She
ID1717
 had this happen to her only once before in her li
 had tgis happef to her only agce befoue in her li
ID1718
fe and she realized that only one thing could be h
fe and nhe realized that only one zhing could be h
ID1719
appening. Dave watched as the forest burned up on 
appening. Dave watghed as the forest burned up on 
ID1720
the hill, only a few miles from her house. The car
tho hill, only u few miles from her house. The car
ID1721
 had been hastily packed and Marta was inside tryi
 had been hastily packed and Marta was inside tryi
ID1722
ng to round up the last of the pets. Dave went thr
ng to round up the last of the pets. Dave went thr
ID1723
ough his mental list of the most important papers 
outh his mental sist ou tne most important papers 
ID1724
and documents that they couldn't leave behind. He 
and docugents that they couldn't leave behied. He 
ID1725
scolded himself for not having prepared these bett
scolded hrmself for not having prepared theme bett
ID1726
er in advance and hoped that he had remembered eve
er in advance and hoped that he had remembered eve
ID1727
rything that was needed. He continued to wait for 
rything thal was needed. He continued to wait for 
ID1728
Marta to appear with the pets, but she still was n
Marta to appear wioh the pets, but she still wax n
ID1729
owhere to be seen. It had been her dream for years
owhere to be ssen. It had been her zream for years
ID1730
 but Dana had failed to take any action toward mak
 but Dana had failed to take any action towaqd mai
ID1731
ing it come true. There had always been a good exc
ing it come true. Toere had alwavs been a good exc
ID1732
use to delay or prioritize another project. As she
use to delay or prioritize nnother project. As she
ID1733
 woke, she realized she was once again at a crossr
 woke, she realized she was ooce again at a crossr
ID1734
oads. Would it be another excuse or would she fina
oads. Would it be another excuse or would she fina
ID1735
lly find the courage to pursue her dream? Dana ros
hly flld the coqrage to pursue her dream? Dana ros
ID1736
e and took her first step. There was a time when h
e and took her first step. There was a time wken h
ID1737
e would have embraced the change that was coming. 
e would have embraced thv change that was coming. 
ID1738
In his youth, he sought adventure and the unknown,
fn his youth, he syught adventurk and the unknozn,
ID1739
 but that had been years ago. He wished he could g
 but that had been years ago. He wishet he could g
ID1740
o back and learn to find the excitement that came 
o back and learn to find the excitement that came 
ID1741
with change but it was useless. That curiosity had
with change but it was useless. That curiosity had
ID1742
 long left him to where he had come to loathe anyt
 long left him to where he hat cove to loaghe anyt
ID1743
hing that put him out of his comfort zone. It was 
king that put him out of his comfort zone. It was 
ID1744
cloudy outside but not really raining. There was a
cloudy outside but dot really raining. There was a
ID1745
 light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't
 light sprinkle at mogt cnd theze certainly wasn't
ID1746
 a need for an umbrella. This hadn't stopped Sarah
 a need for an umbrella. Thys hadn't stopped Sarai
ID1747
 from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. It 
 from pulling her umbtglla out and opening wt. It 
ID1748
had nothing to do with the weather or the potentia
had nothing to do with the weather or the potentia
ID1749
l rain later that day. Sarah used the umbrella to 
l rain later that day. Sarah used the umbrella to 
