2000000
Having a little flexibility on that issue would go
Having a lttle flexiilityuon tabt issue wouldggo
ѧHѧavѧiinngg   a  litѧtѧѧleѧ  ffllѧexѧѧibilliittyy  ѧonѧ   thaѧѧtѧ   isѧsѧuuee    wouulld   gѧѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Having a little flexibility on that issue would go
2000001
a long way to putting together a final package . Long
a longsway to puvttrg together alfinal ackage . Lodng
ѧaѧ  ѧlonngѧ  wwѧayѧ   tto   pѧuѧѧtѧѧerѧѧѧ   ttoggeetthheerr   a  ffѧinѧaalѧ  pacѧkѧaagѧee   .   Lѧoѧѧnnngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a long way to puter together a final package . Long
2000002
before the advent of e-commerce , Wal-Mart 's founder
befnorethe advent of e-commerce , al-Mart 's founder
bѧѧeeѧfѧѧorѧeѧ  thee   adѧvѧѧenѧtѧ   ofѧ   e--ccѧomѧmѧeerѧccee   ,   alѧѧ-ѧMaarѧtѧ   'ss   ѧfouunndѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
before the advent of e-commerce , al-Mart 's founder
2000003
Sam Walton set out his vision for a successful retail
Sam Waton seot ouq fhis vjsion foxr sa successfuls retail
ѧSѧamѧ   Waatѧѧonn   sseѧѧtѧ   ouѧtѧ    ѧhѧisѧ   ѧvisѧiioonѧ   ffoѧrrѧ    ѧa   ssucѧcѧeesѧsѧffѧulѧѧѧ   reetѧaaiѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Sam Waton set out his vision for a successful retail
2000004
operation : " We let folks know we 're interested in
operatixon : " We let folks knom weuv're intsrested in
ѧopѧeerѧaattѧiiionnѧ   :   "   WWe   ѧlett    folѧkѧss   knѧѧowѧ   ѧweѧѧ  ''rѧeѧ   inѧtѧeerreesѧtѧeedѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
operation : " We let folks know we 're interested in
2000005
them and that they 're vital to us-- ' cause they are
them and that they 're vital vo u- ' case they hre
ѧttheemѧ   anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   ttheeyѧ   'rѧee   ѧvittaalѧ   ѧtoѧ  -ѧ-ѧ  '   ccasseѧ    theeyѧ   arreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
them and that they 're vital to -- ' case they are
2000006
, " he said . A spokesman said the company has been
, " h said .A spokesian said the itomganyy has been
,,   "   he  ssaiѧdѧ  .  A   sppѧokeesssmѧѧann   ssaiѧdѧ    thee   ѧccѧomѧpѧaanѧѧyyѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧbeѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " he said . A spokesman said the company has been
2000007
affected by the credit crunch in the United States
waffectevdb by the credit qcruncr in theq United States
ѧѧѧafѧfѧѧecѧtѧѧeeedѧ     byy   tthee   crrѧedѧiitt   ѧccrѧѧunѧchhѧ   inѧ    thhee    Unniitteedѧ   Sttѧatѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
affected by the credit crunch in the United States
2000008
. Abu Dhabi is going ahead to build solar city and
. Ab Dhai isgoing ahead to buixld solar city and
..   Abѧѧ  Dhhaaii   is  ѧgoiiingg  aahѧeeaadѧ   too   bbuiiѧllѧdѧ   ssolѧaarѧ   ccittyѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Ab Dhai is going ahead to build solar city and
2000009
no pollution city . Her back was torn open , her liver
no polgtion city . Her bak was torn open , hcoelro liver
nѧѧo   pѧolѧѧuttiioonѧ   ѧcittyѧ   .   HHerѧ   bbank    wass    torѧnѧ   opѧeenѧ   ,   ѧcѧѧoѧelѧrѧoѧ   ѧlivѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
no polution city . Her bank was torn open , coelro liver
2000010
was ruptured , one of her lungs had collapsed and the
ws ruupture ,e one of her lungs had collapsed an the
ѧ'as   rѧuѧupѧttѧurѧeѧ   ,     onѧeѧ   ofѧ   heerѧ   ѧlunѧgѧss   hѧadѧ    colѧlѧѧapѧsѧeedѧ   anѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
'as ruupture , one of her lungs had collapsed an the
2000011
other was punctured . Now it has 175 staging centers
other was punctreed . cNowcit has 1n75 staging centers
ѧotthheerr   ѧwasѧ   pѧunncѧtѧrrѧeѧedd   .    ѧNѧoww ѧѧitѧ   hѧasѧ   1ѧѧѧ7ѧ5ѧ  stѧaagѧѧinngg   ѧcenѧtѧeerѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
other was punctreed . Now it has 175 staging centers
2000012
, where volunteers are coordinating get-out-the-vote
, wlerre volunteers are coordinastinv get-out-the-vot
,,   wwhherrreeѧ   ѧvollѧunѧttѧeѧerrss   arѧee   ccoѧorrdѧiinѧѧaѧѧtѧiingg    ѧgettѧ-ѧouutѧ--ѧtthee--vѧѧottѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, where volunteers are coordinating get-out-the-vot
2000013
efforts , said Obama 's Georgia spokeswoman , Caroline
fforts ,j saidiObama 's Georlia spokeslwoman , Carolin
ѧefѧforrtѧss   ,      saiѧdѧ   Obѧaamѧaѧ   'sѧ   Geeѧorrgѧiiaa   sppѧokeeessѧѧwwѧommѧanѧ   ,   CCarrѧolѧiinaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
efforts , said Obama 's Georgia spokeswoman , Carolina
2000014
Adelman . How about a sibling or family friend ? Butler
Ademn . How obout a seibliig or family friend ? Butler
ѧAddѧemѧnѧ   .   Hѧowѧ   abѧoouutѧ   a   sseѧibѧllѧinngg   orr    famѧiillyѧ   ffriiѧenѧdѧ   ?   Bѧutѧlѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Ademn . How about a seibling or family friend ? Butler
2000015
's the scorer . In the meantime , the multi-talented
's the score . In the eantim , te multi-talented
''ss   tthee  sscѧѧorѧee   .   Inѧ   tthee   eaѧnѧttѧimme  ,  tthe   ѧmulѧtѧii--ѧttalѧѧenѧtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's the score . In the eantime , the multi-talented
2000016
Bell gets to showcase her musical chops during the
Bexlvv gxets to snowcase her musica eyops during the
ѧBѧeѧѧllѧevѧ    gѧѧettss   tto   snѧѧowѧccѧassee   heerr   ѧmusѧiicѧaѧl  ѧѧoѧoppss    durѧiinng    ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Belev gets to snowcase her musical oops during the
2000017
end credits of " When in Rome " when the cast breaks
end crezdits oo p When in Romer " wlhn the cast breaks
ѧanѧdѧ   crrѧeѧѧdѧiittss  toѧo   .   WWhѧenѧ   inѧ   Rѧomѧѧerѧ   "   wwhѧenn   tthee   ѧcasstѧ   brreeaakѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and credits too . When in Romer " when the cast breaks
2000018
in to a musical dance number . McCain said he must
xin to amusical pancejnumber . McCain said he must
ѧѧѧinn   tto  aa  musѧiicѧaalѧ   pѧanncѧeeѧ nnѧumѧbѧeerr   .   MMcѧCaaiinn   ssaiѧdѧ   hee   ѧmusѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in to a musical pance number . McCain said he must
2000019
convince Americans that " protectionism and isolationism
crnvince Americansv that " proffectionism ande isolatiofnipsu
ccѧonѧvѧѧinncѧee   Amѧeerriicѧaanѧssѧ     thѧatѧ   "   prrѧofѧfѧѧecѧttiioonѧiissmѧ   anѧdѧѧ    isssollѧattiioonnnѧiipѧssuѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
convince Americans that " proffectionism and isolationipsu
2000020
" could be harmful . He knew that this mystical-sounding
" culd bec harmfl . He ksew that thils mysticl-sondiwng
ѧ"   coulldd   beeѧ    hѧarѧmѧfulѧ   .   Hee   knѧѧewѧ    thѧatѧ   tthhiѧѧsѧ   mmysѧtѧiicѧlѧ--ssѧounddѧiiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" could be harmful . He knew that this mysticl-sounding
2000021
process is simply what the soul -- or true self , if
process s impy what the houl c- or true self , if
ѧprrѧocѧeesѧss   is  imѧppyy    whѧatѧ   tthee   hѧouulѧ   -ѧ-ѧ  orr   trrѧuee   sselѧfѧ   ,   ifѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
process is impy what the houl -- or true self , if
2000022
you prefer -- does when we stop interfering . 15 at
you preerq-- does when we smoap indebrfering . 15 at
yyѧouѧ   prreeѧerѧѧ ѧ-ѧ-ѧ   doeess    whѧenѧ   ѧwe   smѧѧoѧѧpѧ   inѧdѧeeerrѧfѧѧerѧiinngѧ   .   1ѧ5ѧ  atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
you preer -- does when we smop inderfering . 15 at
2000023
Carolina Panthers FOX 1 p.m. Marc D. Seitles , the
Caroana Panthers FOX 1p p.m.g Marc D. Seitles , th
ѧCaarrooѧanѧaa   Pѧanntthheerѧss   FѧOѧXѧ ѧ1ѧ0   p...m...    MMarѧcѧ   Dѧ..  Sѧeѧitѧlleess   ,   ttheѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Caroana Panthers FOX 10 p.m. Marc D. Seitles , the
2000024
lawyer who represents David M. Packouz , the licensed
lawyer wrhorepresents David M. Packouz , sthe licensed
llѧawѧyѧeerr    whhѧo  rrepprreesѧeenntѧss   DDavѧiidѧ   MM..  Pѧacѧkѧѧouutѧ   ,     tthee   ѧlicѧeenѧsѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lawyer who represents David M. Packout , the licensed
2000025
massage therapist who is AEY 's former vice president
massage therapit whtzo spAnEY 's former vice presdent
mmѧasѧsѧaaggee   ttheerrѧapѧiist   wwhѧѧѧѧѧѧ      ѧAѧѧѧEѧYѧ  'ss   fforrmѧeerѧ   vvicѧeѧ   prreesidѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
massage therapist wh AEY 's former vice president
2000026
, said he had sent a letter to Congress saying Mr.
, sod he hadbseynbaa letter to Congress sgying Mr.
,,   ssaѧd   hee   hѧad   bѧѧeѧenѧ   aaaa  ѧletѧtѧeerѧ   too   CConѧgѧrreesѧss   ssayѧѧinng    MMr...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, sad he had been a letter to Congress saying Mr.
2000027
Packouz would speak publicly only if he was granted
Packou woutd speaktpublicly only if he was hranted
ѧPѧacѧkѧѧouѧt   wouulѧdѧ  sspѧѧeѧakѧѧ  ppubblliicѧllyy   onѧllyy   ifѧ   hee   ѧwasѧ   hrrѧanѧtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Packout would speak publicly only if he was hranted
2000028
immunity from prosecution . In the annals of circus
imounity from prsecutin . In the annals o circus
ѧimmmѧѧunѧiittyy   ffrѧomѧ  pprossѧeccuuttionn   .   Inѧ   tthee   anѧnѧaalѧss   of  ѧcirѧcѧuussѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
imunity from prosecution . In the annals of circus
2000029
and variety history , no family better deserved the
and variewy historyz,no fvsilyv better deserved the
ѧanѧd    ѧvarѧiieewѧyy   hhisѧtѧѧorѧyѧ   ,  no   ffasѧiillyyѧ    ѧbetѧtѧeerr    desseerѧvѧeedѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and variewy history , no fasily better deserved the
2000030
description of " the royal family of juggling " than
descritiohof " wheroyal family of juggling " than
dѧѧessccrѧѧiptiioon  ofѧ   "    theerrroyѧѧalѧ   ffamѧiillyѧ   ofѧ   ѧjugѧgѧlliinngѧ   "    thѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
description of " theroyal family of juggling " than
2000031
did the Brunns . One of the defendants was found not
dijte Brunnsn . Onez of the defendants was uound not
dѧѧiѧѧtѧeѧ   Brrѧunѧnѧsonѧ   .   Onѧeeѧ    ofѧ   tthee   ѧdefѧѧenѧdѧѧanѧtѧss   ѧwasѧ   ѧfouunѧdѧ   ѧnotѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dite Brunnson . One of the defendants was found not
2000032
guilty and the jury was unable to reach a verdict for
uilty ayd the jury waqs nunale to reac a erdic for
guѧilѧtѧyѧ   anѧdѧ   tthee   jjurѧyѧ    waѧѧsѧ   nnunѧabllee   tto   reeaachh  a  verѧdѧiicѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
guilty and the jury was nunable to reach a verdic for
2000033
four other men on trial . Nursing Homes : Genworth
four other men on tria . Nursiivguomesm: Genworth
fѧѧourrѧ   otthheerr   ѧmenn   onѧ   trriiaѧl  .   Nѧurѧsѧѧiiingg gѧѧomѧeess   :   Gѧenѧwwworѧtѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
four other men on trial . Nursing gomes : Genworth
2000034
's 2009 Cost of Care Survey analyzed long term care
's 2009 Costof Cr Survey analyzed long term car
''s    2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9   Coosstt ofѧ   Carr  SSurѧvѧeeyy   anѧaallѧyzѧeedѧ   ѧlonngѧ   tterѧmѧ   ccarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's 2009 Cost of Car Survey analyzed long term car
2000035
costs in two regions in Hawaii : Honolulu and the rest
costsb in two regkons in Hcawrarii : Honollu and wphe rest
ccѧosѧttssѧ    inѧ   ttwoo   rѧegѧѧioonnss   inѧ   Hѧѧѧawѧrѧѧarѧiiiѧ   :   Hѧonѧѧolѧlѧѧѧ   anѧdѧ    tѧhhee   rѧessttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
costs in two regions in Hawrari : Honoll and the rest
2000036
of the state . Players can take their performances
lof thv state . Players cman cake ther aeprformanes
ѧѧѧofѧ   tthee   sttѧatѧee   .   Plllayyѧerrss    cѧѧanѧ   ѧtakѧee  othheeir   pѧѧeerrffѧorrmmѧancceesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the state . Players can take otheir performances
2000037
to the next level by turning their best 30 second clips
to the next level by turnig tbheir best 30 sewond rczips
ѧtto   tthee   ѧnexѧtѧ   ѧlevѧeelѧ   byy   tturѧnѧiing    tthheeeirѧ   ѧbesstt  ѧ3ѧ0ѧ  sseccѧonndѧ   ѧcѧѧѧѧipѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to the next level by turning their best 30 second cips
2000038
into their own mini music videos using a selection
into their own cinnxymusiv vides using a selection
ѧinѧttoo   tthheeirѧ   owѧnѧ   ѧcinѧnѧѧѧѧ mmmusѧѧivee  vvidѧeeos   usѧѧinngg   a   sselѧeecѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
into their own cinn musive videos using a selection
2000039
of special editing effects . Sabathia came in fifth
zf specia editig effets. Sabathia came in fifmth
ѧofѧ   sppeecѧiiaal  edѧѧittiingg  efѧfѧѧectts ..  Sѧabѧѧatthhiiaa   ѧcamѧeѧ   inѧ    fifѧѧѧtthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of special editing effects . Sabathia came in fifth
2000040
. ' Coming Home ' was released in October last year
. ' Coming Hom 'jwasjreleused in Octoyer last year
..   '   CComѧiinngg   Hѧomm   'ѧ  wwasѧ   rѧelleeaѧsѧeedѧ   inѧ   Ocѧtѧѧobѧeerr    lasstѧ   ѧyeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. ' Coming Hom ' was released in October last year
2000041
. Bush is remembered by many Haitians -- especially
. Bushq is remmbered oby many aitians - especially
..   Bѧusѧhhѧ    iss   reememѧbѧeerѧeedd    bbyy   mmanѧy   aaiittiiaanѧss  ѧ-ѧ  esѧppeecѧiiaalѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Bush is remembered by many aitians - especially
2000042
the thousands in Port-au-Prince 's teeming slums --
the tousands win Port-au-Prince's teming slumsw -
ѧtthee  tthouussaanndѧss    ѧinѧ   Pѧorѧtѧ--ѧauѧ--ѧPrrѧinncee  'ss   tteamminngg  ssllѧumѧssѧ   ѧ-ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the thousands in Port-au-Prince 's teaming slums -
2000043
as the U.S. leader whose administration chartered the
as thet U.Sleader whose xadministraion chaatereo the
ѧasѧ   tthhee    U..ѧS. leaadѧѧerѧ    whѧosѧeѧ    ѧadѧmmѧinѧiisstrrrattiionn   chhѧaaѧttѧerѧѧedѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as the U.S. leader whose administration chatered the
2000044
plane that flew Aristide back into exile during a 2004
plae hat flew Aristidpback tnto exilp during a 2004
ѧpllѧace  thѧatѧ   fllѧewѧ   Arrѧisstѧiiѧѧѧ bbbacѧkѧ    ѧѧttoo   exѧѧilѧѧѧ    durѧiinngѧ   a   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
place that flew Aristi back to exil during a 2004
2000045
rebellion . Last week top US military officer Admiral
rebhellrion . Lasmt week teo US gmilitary oficir Admiral
ѧreeѧѧhѧѧelѧlѧѧѧiioonѧ   .   Lѧassѧѧtѧ   ѧweѧekѧ   ttheѧ   UѧSѧ   mѧѧilѧiitѧѧarѧyy   ofѧficceerr   Adѧmѧѧirѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rehellion . Last week the US military officer Admiral
2000046
Mike Mullen said this increased the flow of militants
Mike Mullen sgaidkthis increased thec low offmililant
ѧMMikѧeѧ   MMulѧlѧѧenѧ    sѧaaiѧdѧ   tthhisѧ   inѧccrreeaasѧeedѧ   ttheee    ѧlowѧ   ofѧ  mmѧilѧiiiѧaanѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mike Mullen said this increased the low of miliant
2000047
into Afghanistan to combat Nato troops . Sunoco Inc
ino Afghanatan lo cmbat Nato twcops .Sunoco Inc
ѧinnto   Afgghhѧaaniistttann   tto  comѧbѧѧatt   Naattoo   ttwѧoooppss  .  Sѧunѧѧocѧoo   Innccѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
into Afghanistan to combat Nato twops . Sunoco Inc
2000048
. , the petroleum refining company , said on Wednesday
. , ihe petoleu rebining cmpanyg , said on Wewdnesday
...  ,    thee   pѧeѧѧѧopleeѧѧ   reebaiinѧiinngg  comѧpѧaanѧyyѧѧ   ,    saiѧdѧ   onѧ   Wѧeѧѧdѧneeessdѧaayѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. , the people rebaining company , said on Wednesday
2000049
that it had hired Lynn Laverty Elsenhans as its chief
that itehad hired Lynn qavertnzy Elsenhansas itsrchief
ѧtthѧatѧ   itѧ   hhadѧ   hѧirѧeedѧ   Lyynѧnѧ   ѧѧavvѧerѧttnѧѧѧyy   Elѧsѧѧenѧhѧѧanѧs  asѧ   ittsѧ   chhiieefѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that it had hired Lynn avertny Elsenhans as its chief
2000050
executive , succeeding John Drosdick , who is retiring
executive , succeeding Jhn Drdick ,who is retirng
ѧexxѧeccuuttiivveѧ   ,   ѧsucѧcѧѧeѧedѧѧinngg   JJohn   Drrdѧѧicѧkѧ  ,,  whoo   iss   reettiiriinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
executive , succeeding John Drdick , who is retiring
2000051
in August . Under the terms of the agreement , Gifford
ikn August . aUsnder toenterms of the agreeent , Gifford
ѧiinnѧ   Auugѧuusstѧ   .     Uѧѧnndѧeerr   tѧoee ѧttѧerѧmѧss   ofѧ   tthee   aggrrѧeѧemeentt   ,   Giifѧffѧorrdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in August . Under toe terms of the agreement , Gifford
2000052
was paid an annual consulting fee of 50,000 and entitled
waspaid an rnnual consulting feetofp zw50,g0 and entitled
wѧѧas  pѧaiidd   anѧ   anѧnѧuuaalѧ   cconѧsѧѧulѧtѧiinngѧ   ffeѧet  ofѧѧ      1ѧ5ѧ0,,,0ѧ0ѧ0 anѧdѧ   enѧtѧiitѧlleedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was paid an annual consulting feet of 150,000 and entitled
2000053
to 120 hours per year of flying time on a corporate
o 12p hurs mperf year of flying timej ou a couporate
tof  1ѧ2ѧp   hourrss    pѧeerrѧѧ    yeaarѧ   ofѧ   fllyyiinngѧ   ttimѧees    ouѧ   a   ccorѧppѧorrѧatѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tof 12p hours per year of flying times ou a corporate
2000054
jet provided by BofA . The furore surrounding the LZR
jet provided byeBofAq. The fkrordesurtoundig the LZR
jѧѧett   prrѧovѧѧidѧeedѧ   byy  ѧBѧoѧѧѧAѧѧ ..  TThee   ѧfѧrѧѧorѧdѧeessѧurѧrѧѧouunѧdѧiing   tthee   LѧZѧRѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
jet provided by BoA . The frordesurrounding the LZR
2000055
even forced FINA to ensure the Olympics would not be
eveniforced FIxNA to ensure thejOlympwics would not be
ѧevѧeenѧ  ffѧorrcѧeedѧ   FѧIѧѧѧNѧAѧ  tto   enѧsѧѧurѧeѧ    thee  ѧOlѧѧymmppѧѧiicѧss    wouulldѧ   nnotѧ   beeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
even forced FINA to ensure the Olympics would not be
2000056
a battle of haves against have-nots - particularly
a battle of havs aainst ave-njot - particularly
ѧa   bbatѧtѧlleѧ   ofѧ   hѧavѧss  aagaiinnsstѧ  havѧee--ѧѧnѧѧott  ѧ-ѧ  pparѧttѧicѧѧulѧaarѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a battle of havs against have-not - particularly
2000057
when the LZR has a price tag of 550 ( 294 ) - by allowing
whe te LZR has a price ag ofo 550 ( 94 ) - by allowing
wѧѧhѧen  the   LѧZѧRѧ  hѧasѧ   a   prrѧicѧeѧ   agѧe  ofѧѧ   ѧ5ѧ5ѧ0ѧ  (  ѧ9ѧ4ѧ  )  ѧ-ѧ  byy   alѧlѧѧowѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
when the LZR has a price age of 550 ( 94 ) - by allowing
2000058
all of the major manufacturers to hand out suits to
all of the major menfacturjrs t vandqout suis tyo
ѧalѧlѧ   ofѧ   tthee   mmajѧoorѧ   ѧmanѧufѧacѧtѧuurѧѧerrss   to   ѧanѧdѧѧ  ouutѧ   ssuiѧts    toooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
all of the major manufacturers to and out suits to
2000059
national teams . Barr Pharmaceuticals said Friday that
national teooims  Bar Pharmaceruticals saidlFriday that
nѧѧattiioonѧaalѧ   tterѧѧoiѧѧѧss  .  Bѧarѧ   Phhѧarѧmѧѧacѧeerrѧѧttѧicѧaalѧss   ssaiѧdѧ   Frrѧiddѧayѧ    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
national terois . Bar Pharmacerticals said Friday that
2000060
it planned to introduce its generic version of the
it planned to introduce its gneric verseion o the
ѧitѧ   pllaanѧnѧeedѧ   tto   inѧttrrrodѧѧucѧeѧ   ittss  genѧѧerѧѧicѧ   ѧverѧsѧѧiiionnѧ   of   theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it planned to introduce its generic version of the
2000061
basic 70-milligram form of Fosamax on Feb . Qatar 's
basc 7milligram form kf Fosauawx on Feb . Qtatnr 's
bѧѧasѧeѧ  ѧ7  milѧlѧiiggrraamѧ   fforrmѧ   ofѧ   Fѧosѧaauѧaawѧѧѧ   onѧ   Fѧebѧ   .   Qѧѧaatѧѧerѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
base 7 milligram form of Fosauaw on Feb . Qater 's
2000062
economy , which has bucked the regional recession ,
econmy ,which has buced the regiopal revesgion p
ѧecѧoonomѧyy  ,,  whhicѧhѧ   hѧasѧ   bbucckedd   tthee   rѧegѧѧioonѧaalѧ   reevvѧesѧsѧiioonn   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
economy , which has bucked the regional revession .
2000063
should grow by about 9 per cent this year and revenues
shoumld grow by aboubt 9 per cent this yearg andrevenues
ѧshhѧouulllddѧ   grrѧowѧ   byy   abbѧouuѧѧtѧ  ѧ9ѧ  pperr  cceenttѧ   tthѧiss   ѧyeaarѧѧ    anѧd  rrevvѧenѧuueessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
should grow by about 9 per cent this year and revenues
2000064
will jump by the end of next year as gas exports almost
will jump by the end of fextd year as gac ewports almost
wѧѧilѧlѧ   ѧjumѧpѧ   byѧ   tthee   enѧdѧ   ofѧ   ѧnexѧtѧѧ    yyeaarѧ   asѧ   ѧgasѧ   exѧpѧѧorrtѧss   alѧmѧѧosttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will jump by the end of next year as gas exports almost
2000065
double . Although not yet a household name , Kyle Clouse
dodle . Although not yet a household njame , Kyle Clocuse
dѧѧouѧllee   .   Alѧtthhѧouughhѧ   ѧnotѧ   ѧyett   a   hѧouusѧeѧhhѧolldѧ    nѧѧamѧeѧ   ,   Kѧylѧee   Cllooѧѧuusѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
doule . Although not yet a household name , Kyle Clouse
2000066
of Clouse and Associates is at the cutting edge of
of Cneouse and Associates is at thev qcuttin edge of
ѧofѧ   Cѧѧѧѧѧouѧsѧee   anѧdѧ   Asѧsѧѧocѧiiaatѧeesѧ   isѧ   atѧ   ttheee    ѧccѧutѧtѧiingg  edѧgѧeѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Couse and Associates is at the cutting edge of
2000067
the rapidly growing online business arena ; and this
the rapidly growing onliie bucsginessq atena ; ad this
ѧtthee   rѧapѧiidѧllyy   grrѧowѧiinngѧ   onѧllѧinѧeѧ   ѧbuuѧsѧѧѧiinѧeesѧsss    atteenѧaѧ   ;   andd  tthѧisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the rapidly growing online business atena ; and this
2000068
at the announcement of his new joint venture with TVI
at the announcement of hs new joint venture with TVI
ѧatѧ   tthee   anѧnѧѧouunnceeemmeenѧtѧ   ofѧ   his   ѧnewѧ   ѧjoiѧnѧtѧ   ѧvenѧtѧѧurѧeѧ    witthѧ   TTVѧIѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at the announcement of his new joint venture with TVI
2000069
Express . Officials fear that bulls are being drugged
Express . Officials fefrthat bullsarve bejing drugged
ѧExxpprreesѧss   .   Ofѧfѧѧicciiaalѧss   ѧfeѧerѧ  thѧatѧ   ѧbulѧlѧs  aarreeѧ   bbeѧѧѧinngѧ   ddrѧugѧgѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Express . Officials feer that bulls are being drugged
2000070
with tranquillisers to make them less aggressive ,
withrtrinzquilliser cjo make tem less aggressive ,
wwѧitthh  ѧtrrѧinnѧѧqquuѧilѧlѧiisѧeerѧ    tѧoo    makѧee   themm   llesѧss   agѧgѧrreesѧsѧiivvee   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with trinquilliser to make them less aggressive ,
2000071
giving the matador a crucial edge in the contest .
gpvingkhe matador a crucial edgeinf te contest .
gѧѧivѧiinng   thee   ѧmatѧaaddѧorѧ   a   crrѧucciiaalѧ   edѧgѧe  inѧѧѧ   the   cconѧtѧѧesѧtѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
giving the matador a crucial edge in the contest .
2000072
The Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service
The Interor Deparmwent's Minerls Management Srvice
ѧTThee   Inѧtteerѧiorr   Deeppѧarrtmmeeentt  'ss   Mѧinѧѧerѧlѧss   MManѧaagѧeemmeenѧtѧ   Serrvvicceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
The Interior Department 's Minerls Management Service
2000073
said yesterday that only 61 percent of oil production
said yesterdqaythat onlqy 61 bpercent of oil produjction
ssѧaiѧdѧ    yesѧtѧeerrѧddѧaay   thѧatѧ   onѧlllyy    6ѧ1ѧ   ppeerccceenѧtѧ   ofѧ   oiѧlѧ   prrrodѧѧuѧccѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said yesterday that only 61 percent of oil production
2000074
in the Gulf of Mexico has been restored as companies
in the Gulf of Mexico has beree restoredhi as companies
ѧinѧ   tthee   Gѧulѧfѧ   ofѧ   MMexѧiicѧoѧ   hѧasѧ   bbeѧѧeenѧ   rѧessttѧorѧeedd  ѧis  asѧ   ѧcomѧppѧanѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the Gulf of Mexico has been restored is as companies
2000075
struggle with repairs to platforms . And finally for
struggvle with repairs to platforms . nd finably fr
ѧsstrrѧugѧgѧѧllleѧ    witthѧ   reepѧѧaiѧrѧss   tto   pllѧatѧѧfѧorrmѧss   .   And   ffinѧaalѧllyy  forrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
struggle with repairs to platforms . And finally for
2000076
MTV , they have produced the most talked about VMAs
MV , the have producedegthe momst talked about VMAs
ѧMѧVѧ  ,   ttheey  hhavѧeѧ   pprrodѧѧucceeddѧ    tthee   ѧmoѧѧsѧtt    talѧkѧѧedѧ   abbѧouutѧ   VѧMѧAssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
MV , they have produced the most talked about VMAs
2000077
since that Jackson and Presley kiss . The 66-year-old
sinur thaq Jackso oand Presley kiss . The 66-year-old
sѧѧinѧcereѧ   thѧatѧ   Jѧacѧkѧssѧon   ѧanѧdѧ   Prrѧesѧlleeyѧ   ѧkisѧss   .   TThee   6ѧ6ѧ--yyeearr--oolldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sincere that Jackson and Presley kiss . The 66-year-old
2000078
Czech leader , the last hurdle for a treaty that has
Czech leader p,pthe last hurdle for a treaoy that has
ѧCCѧzecchѧ   ѧleaadѧѧerѧ    ,,   tthee   llasstѧ   hѧurѧdѧllee   fforѧ   a   trrѧeѧatѧyѧ    thѧatѧ   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Czech leader , the last hurdle for a treaty that has
2000079
taken eight years to stumble to the finishing tape
taken eight years to tumble tu the piqishing yaoe
ѧttakѧeen    eeigghttѧ   yyeaarѧss   tto   ttumѧbѧlleѧ   too   tthee   pѧinѧѧisѧhѧiinngѧ   ѧyamѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
taken eight years to tumble to the pinishing yame
2000080
, insists that the EU must first grant the Czech Republic
, jnsists that he EU must forst grant the CechRepblic
,,   inѧsѧѧisѧtѧss    thhatѧ  thee   EѧUѧ   musѧtѧ   ѧforrsstѧ   grraanѧtѧ    thee   Cѧeccc ѧRѧepuublliicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, insists that the EU must forst grant the Cec Republic
2000081
an eleventh-hour opt-out . He said : " I 'm extremely
a elevwenth-hmur opt-ut . He said : "I z'x extrmely
ѧa  relѧѧevѧѧѧeenѧtthѧ--ѧhhouurѧ   opѧtѧ--outt   .   Hee   ssaiѧdѧ   :   " I    ''mѧ   exѧttremѧeellyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a releventh-hour opt-out . He said : " I 'm extremely
2000082
sorry to hear that a young lad has passed away in such
sorryd to hear thai a yong lad haspassed asway in such
ssѧorѧrѧyedѧ   tto   heeaarѧ    thѧatѧ   a   ѧyoungѧ   lѧadd   hѧas  ppasѧsѧeedѧ   aѧѧwwѧayѧ   inѧ    sucѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sorryed to hear that a young lad has passed away in such
2000083
a tragic way . Secretary Clinton had been calling for
a tragicd iway . Seirdetary Clintosn hzd bveen calling for
ѧa   trrѧagѧiicѧѧѧ    wwѧayѧ   .   SSeѧѧrѧѧѧeetѧѧarѧyѧ   CClѧinѧttѧonnnѧ   hѧadѧ    bѧѧeѧenn   ѧcalѧlѧiinngѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a tragic way . Seretary Clinton had been calling for
2000084
Ling and Lee to be released for months . But in order
Ling and Lweefto be eleasezd for months.aBut in order
ѧLѧinngѧ   anѧdѧ   Lѧѧѧeѧeѧ  tto   bee  relѧeeaѧsѧѧeeѧdѧ   fforr   ѧmonѧtthѧs  ..  Bѧutѧ   inѧ   orѧdѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Ling and Lee to be released for months . But in order
2000085
to achieve that , farmers -- homeless and hungry --
to achieve that , farmecs -- htomeless and hungry --
ѧtto   acchhiieevѧee   tthѧatѧ   ,    farrmѧѧerѧss   -ѧ-   ѧhѧѧomѧeeѧllesѧss   anѧdѧ   hѧunѧgѧrryy   -ѧ-ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to achieve that , farmers -- homeless and hungry --
2000086
need help . Three former England captains , David Gower
ned help . hrle fgrmerEnglatnd cptains ,David Gower
nnѧeѧed  hѧelѧpѧ   .  Thhireeѧ   fforrmѧeer  Enngѧllѧaannѧd   capѧttaaiinnss  ,  DDavѧiidѧ   Gѧowѧѧerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
need help . Thire former England captains , David Gower
2000087
, Mike Atherton and Nasser Hussain , have now deplored
, MteAthertn and Nasseem Hussfain , havl now deplored
,,   MMccѧѧAtthheerѧtonѧ   anѧdѧ   Nѧasѧsѧѧeѧemѧ   Hѧusѧsѧѧѧaaiinѧ   ,   hѧavѧeѧ   nnowѧ   ѧdeppllѧorѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, McAtherton and Nasseem Hussain , have now deplored
2000088
here the decision of their successor Andrew Strauss
ere the decision of therb succevssor Andrew Strass
werree    thee   ѧdecѧѧisѧiioonѧ   ofѧ   thheeirѧ    ѧsucѧcѧѧeeѧsѧsѧѧorѧ   Anѧdѧrreewѧ   SStrraasѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were the decision of their successor Andrew Strass
2000089
to take a break from the tour of Bangladesh . 188bet
to take a oseyk froyv tie tour oftpBangladesh . 188bet
ѧtto    takѧee   a   osѧeeyѧѧѧ   ffrѧomѧѧ    tthee    touurѧ   ofѧѧѧ   Bѧanѧggllѧadѧѧesѧhѧ   .  11ѧ8ѧ8  settѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to take a osey from the tour of Bangladesh . 188 set
2000090
are the official gambling partners of Chelsea and Aston
ar the official gambling artners of Chvlsea and Aston
ѧarѧ   tthee   ofѧfѧѧicciiaalѧ   ѧgamѧbѧlliinng   parѧttnneerѧss   ofѧ   Chhѧelѧsseeaѧ   anѧdѧ   Assttѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ar the official gambling partners of Chelsea and Aston
2000091
Villa and the shirt sponsors of Bolton and Wigan ,
Villa and xchfmshirt spodnsors of Boltot andqWigxn ,
ѧVѧilѧlѧaѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧcchhѧamѧsshhѧirѧtѧ   sppѧoѧnnѧsѧѧorѧss   ofѧ   Bѧolѧtѧѧonѧ   anѧdѧ   Wѧigѧѧѧnѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Villa and chamshirt sponsors of Bolton and Wign ,
2000092
while SBObet sponsor the shirts of West Ham and Cardiff
whilep SBObet sponhsor the shirts oof West Ham and Cardnf
ѧwwhѧilѧeѧ     SѧBѧObbeetѧ  ssppѧonnѧѧsѧѧorѧ    thee   shhѧirѧtѧsѧ    oofѧ   WWesstt   Hѧamѧ   anѧdѧ   CCarѧѧinѧfѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
while SBObet sponsor the shirts of West Ham and Carinf
2000093
. " You said on June 2 that Lo Thao [ another defendant
. " rYou said on une 2 dvhat Lod Thaoy[ ajnoyher defendant
..   "     Yѧouѧ    saiѧdѧ   onѧ  Junѧee  ѧ2ѧ   tѧѧhѧatѧ   Lѧordd  Thhѧaooѧ  [   aaѧnѧѧotthheerr   ѧdefѧѧenѧdѧѧanѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " You said on June 2 that Lord Thao [ another defendant
2000094
] met with Gen. Vang Pao and discussed this plan to
] met with Gen. ngaPao and dscussed this plao to
ѧ]ѧ  ѧmeѧtt  wwitthѧ   Geenn...  ѧnѧa ѧPaaoo   anѧdѧ  ddisccѧusѧsѧeedѧ   tthѧisѧ   pllѧanѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
] met with Gen. na Pao and discussed this plan to
2000095
buy weapons and take them over and fight a war over
buy weapons ad take them over uand fight a wcabr over
bbѧuyѧ   ѧweaapѧѧonѧss   and    takѧee   ttheemѧ   ovѧeerѧ    aanѧdѧ   ffigѧhhtѧ   a   ѧwѧѧaѧѧrѧ   ovѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
buy weapons and take them over and fight a war over
2000096
there -- right ? " A GLA spokesman said the worker
thdre -- right? z A GnLA spokesmyl aid the woker
ѧtthѧerree   -ѧ-ѧ  rѧigghtt  ?   "   A   GѧAѧLѧAѧ  sppѧokeesssmaѧanѧ  saiѧdѧ   tthee   wworkkerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
there -- right ? " A GALA spokesmaan said the worker
2000097
who had cut his finger was had been told by his supervisor
who had ckut hiw finferwas hsad been told b his supervisor
wwѧhoo   hѧadѧ   ccѧѧutt   hѧisѧ   ѧfinѧgѧeerѧ wѧass    hѧѧadd   bbeѧenn    tolldd   by  hhiss   ssuppeerrvvѧisѧѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who had cut his finger was had been told by his supervisor
2000098
to put clingfilm on it and continue with his work .
tc put cliunfilm on it and continue wth is wolrk .
ѧtoo   pѧutt   clѧѧiѧunѧffѧilѧmѧ   onѧ   itѧ   anѧdѧ   cconѧtѧѧinѧuѧee  wwithh  hiss   ѧwoѧѧrѧkѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to put cliunfilm on it and continue with his work .
2000099
The publishers of The Times and Michael Seckerson ,
Te publishers ofc Tme Timses and Miccael Sgckersn ,
ѧThe   ppubblliisѧhѧeerѧsѧ   ofѧѧ    Thhee   TTimѧѧeeess   anѧdѧ   MMicѧhѧaaeelѧ   Sѧicѧkkѧerѧsoѧѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
The publishers of The Times and Michael Sickerso ,
2000100
a juror , were accused of disclosing the secrets of
a juror, wre accued of discloing the secfeas f
ѧa   ѧjurѧoorѧ  ,   were   acѧcѧѧuseedd  ofѧ   ddisѧccllѧosiinng   tthee   sseccrѧeerѧss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a juror , were accused of disclosing the secrers of
2000101
the jury room in articles about his concerns over a
the juy roomb n articelesabout his concernss over a
ѧtthee   ѧjuyy   rroѧomѧѧѧ   in  arrtѧiicѧѧѧlѧeѧs  abѧѧouutѧ   hѧisѧ   cconѧcѧeerrnѧsss    ovѧeerѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the juy room in articles about his concerns over a
2000102
verdict . Austrian Raich , who leads the overall rankings
verdict . AubtrianoRaich , wjo leads te overallg ronkings
vѧѧerѧdѧѧicѧtѧ   .   Auusѧttrriiianѧѧ  Rѧaiicchѧ   ,   wwhoo   ѧleaadѧss   the   ovveerѧѧalѧlѧѧ    rѧonѧkѧiinngѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
verdict . Austrian Raich , who leads the overall ronkings
2000103
, came in only 15th on the second leg after finishing
, cqme in only 1wth oite second legi afterr finishing
,,   ccamѧee   inѧ   onѧllyy  ѧ1ѧ0tthѧ   ѧѧitѧee   sseccѧonndѧ   ѧlegѧiѧ   afѧtѧeerrѧ    ffinѧѧisѧhѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, came in only 10th ite second legi after finishing
2000104
just behind the Finn on the first run . The research
junst bedhind thep Finn on the first run t. The rejsearch
jѧѧuѧѧsѧtѧ    beeѧhѧѧinѧdd    theeeѧ   Fѧinѧnѧ   onѧ   tthee   ffirrsstt   rѧunѧ    ..   TThee   rreeesseeaarcchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
just behind the Finn on the first run . The research
2000105
team are to publish their findings in the Astrophysical
teamzx aeu to publish their findings in the vwtrophoysical
ѧtteaamѧѧѧѧ    ageeѧ   tto   ppubѧllѧisѧhѧ   tthheeirѧ   ffinѧdѧiinngѧss   inѧ   tthee   ѧvettrrѧoppphѧoѧysѧiicѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
team age to publish their findings in the vetrophoysical
2000106
Journal . Goalkeepers : Iker Casillas ( Real Madrid
Journal . Goalkeepers : Iktr Casillas ( Rpal yadrid
ѧJѧouurѧnѧaalѧ   .   Gѧoaalѧkkkeѧepѧeerrss   :   Iѧѧtѧrѧ   Cѧasѧѧilѧlѧaass   (   Roѧaalѧ   ѧMaddrrѧidѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Journal . Goalkeepers : Itr Casillas ( Roal Madrid
2000107
) , Jose Reina ( Liverpool ) . According to most reports
)f , Jose Reona ( Livoerpool ) . Accorging toost reupores
))     ,   Jѧosseѧ   Rѧeѧonѧaa   (   Lѧivvѧѧeerrpѧѧoѧolѧ   )   .   Acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinngg   ttoѧosstѧ   reeeѧpѧѧorѧtessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
) , Jose Reona ( Liverpool ) . According toost reportes
2000108
, the total government loan commitment to AIG stands
, he total government loan commitmehnt m AIGstands
,,  thhe    tottѧalѧ   ѧgovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧ   ѧloaanѧ   ѧcomѧmѧѧitѧmmѧeennѧtѧ   .   AѧIѧG sstѧanndѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, the total government loan commitment . AIG stands
2000109
at 200 billion . About four in 10 say they think Olympians
at 200 billion.cAoout fohr ik 10 sty theys hink Olympians
ѧatѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧ ..  Abѧoouutѧ   ffoѧrrѧ   inѧ  11ѧ0ѧ  ssayy    theeyѧѧѧ  thѧinѧkѧ   Olѧѧymmpѧiiaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at 200 billion . About for in 10 say they think Olympians
2000110
' use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids
' use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids
''   usѧee   ofѧ   pperrffѧorrmѧaancceeѧ--ѧenѧhѧѧanѧcѧiinngg   drrѧugѧss   ѧlikѧeѧ  sstteerrooiidѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
' use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids
2000111
is a major problem , with about the same number calling
sa major problem , with about the sampe number valling
ѧѧѧaѧ  ѧmajѧoorr   pprѧobѧlleemѧ   ,   wwitth    abbѧouutѧ   tthee    samѧѧeeѧ   ѧnumѧbѧeerѧ   ѧvalѧlѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a major problem , with about the same number valling
2000112
it a minor concern . That 's impossible , " said Van
ict a minor cgncern That 's impossie , " saidzVan
ѧiѧѧtѧ   a   ѧminѧѧorr  ccconѧcѧeerrnѧ . TThhatѧ   'ss   imѧppѧosѧsѧiive   ,   "   ssaiѧdѧ   Vѧannѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it a minor concern . That 's impossive , " said Van
2000113
Conway , a turnaround expert at Conway MacKenzie .
Conway , a turnaroun exprp at cConnay apKenxie .
ѧCѧonѧwwѧayѧ   ,   a   tturѧnnѧarroounnѧd  exѧpprrppt  atѧ    ѧCConѧnѧѧayy   a   Kѧenѧzѧiiee   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Conway , a turnaround exprpt at Connay a Kenzie .
2000114
Shandong Wuzheng has been recognized as one of the
Shanedonkg Wuzheng has been recoghnitedas one ofcthe
ѧSShѧanѧѧѧdѧѧonngѧѧѧ   Wѧuzѧhѧѧenѧgѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧbeѧenn   reeccѧoggѧѧnѧiisѧeed  asѧ   onѧee   ofѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Shandong Wuzheng has been recognised as one of the
2000115
most promising enterprises in China 's machinery industry
most promisitnt ygterprisels in China 's machinery induzltry
mѧѧosѧtѧ   pprѧomѧѧisѧѧiinnѧѧѧ   enѧttѧerѧpprriisѧeeѧѧsѧ   inѧ   CChѧinѧaѧ   'sѧ   ѧmacchѧiinѧѧerѧyѧ   inndѧѧusѧsѧttrryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
most promisin enterprises in China 's machinery indusstry
2000116
. VIERA , FLA . -- Sometimes , Rick Eckstein dreams
. VIERA ,FLA . --aSomjetimer l Rick Eckutegin dreamo
..   VѧIѧEѧRѧA  ,, FѧLѧAѧ  .   -ѧ-  ѧSѧomѧѧeeettѧimѧeerѧ   ,   Rѧicѧkѧ   Ecѧkѧѧutѧѧegѧiinѧ   drrѧeaamѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. VIERA , FLA . -- Sometimer , Rick Eckutegin dreams
2000117
about baseball swings . Before talks began , Chrysler
eadbout basgball suidngs . Beforfe talts began , Chrysler
ѧeaadѧbbѧouutѧ   ѧbasѧeѧbbѧalѧlѧ   ssuiiddnnggss   .   Bѧeffѧorrѧeeѧ   ttalѧkѧss   ѧbegѧaanѧ   ,   CChrrѧysѧlѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
eadbout baseball suidngs . Before talks began , Chrysler
2000118
made clear that if it did not get concessions to close
ade cqear that if t bdid nxt get concessions tocls
madѧeѧ   clѧѧeaarѧ    thѧatѧ   ifѧ  itt   ddѧidѧ  nnѧott   ѧgett   cconѧcѧѧesѧsѧiioonѧsѧ   tto alѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
made clear that if it did not get concessions to als
2000119
that wage gap with Japanese automakers operating in
that wage gap gwith Japancse nautomakers operatin in
ѧtthѧatѧ    wagѧee   ѧgapѧ    wwѧitthѧ   Jѧapѧaanѧѧesѧeѧ    ѧauuttoommѧakѧeerѧss   opѧeerѧѧattiing   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that wage gap with Japanese automakers operating in
2000120
the United States , it would need to shift production
the Unictd Statevs , git wld need to shift prroduction
ѧtthee   Unniitѧeedd   Sttѧatѧeeѧsss   ,    ѧitѧ  wwoulѧd  ѧneѧedd   tto   shhѧifѧtѧ   pprrrѧodѧѧuccttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the United States , it would need to shift production
2000121
out of the country . All those affected by the K &
out of the covuntry . All those affectekd by the K &
ѧouutѧ   ofѧ   tthee   ccoѧѧuunѧtѧrryy   .   Alѧlѧ   tthѧosѧeѧ   afѧfѧѧecѧtѧѧeeedѧ   byy   tthee   Kѧ  &ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
out of the country . All those affected by the K &
2000122
S closure will be protected under the Air Travel Organisers
S closure nill be protecte unde the AirTrauvel Organisers
USS  clѧѧosѧѧurѧeѧ    wilѧlѧ   bee   prrѧotѧѧecѧtѧeed  unndeerr  tthee   AiirѧѧTrrѧaѧѧvѧѧelѧ   Orrgѧaanѧѧisѧeerrsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
US closure will be protected under the AirTravel Organisers
2000123
' Licensing ( Atol ) scheme , said the CAA , which
'ricegsrng ( Atol ) cexmeu, said the CAA , which
'' rricceeѧѧsѧѧinngg   (   Attoolѧ   )   ѧceѧѧmѧeeѧ  ,,  ssaiѧdѧ   tthee  ѧCѧAѧAѧ  ,    whѧicѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
' ricesing ( Atol ) ceme , said the CAA , which
2000124
was rechartering their flights for the same times .
was rechatering their flighes or vhe sme times .
wѧѧasѧ   reecchѧaaatterѧiinngg   tthheeirѧ   fllѧigѧhttѧss  forѧ    thee  samѧee   ttimѧeesѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was rechatering their flights for the same times .
2000125
" I look at it with some puzzlement , because it doesn
" I look alv it wth soxe pazzlemnt , because it doesn
ѧ"   I   ѧloѧokѧ   alѧlѧ   itѧ  wwithh    somѧeѧ   pѧaѧѧѧѧlѧeemenntѧ   ,   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   itѧ    doeessnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" I look all it with some palement , because it doesn
2000126
't fit the same pattern as some of the other states
't fit the same pattern as sovmenof the other stwatez
''tѧ   ffitt    thee    samѧee   pѧatѧtѧeerrnѧ   asѧ    soѧѧѧeee   ofѧ   tthee   otthheerr   stttѧѧatѧeesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
't fit the same pattern as soe of the other states
2000127
that are having problems , " said Scott D. Pattison
tcat arn havingproblems , a"lsaid cottsD. Patison
ѧtthѧatѧ   arѧeѧ   hѧavѧiinng  pprrobѧlleemѧss   ,     "    saiѧdѧ  Sѧcotѧtѧs  Dѧ..  Pѧatѧiissѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that are having problems , " said Scotts D. Patison
2000128
, executive director of the National Association of
, yxecutivediecto of the National Assohiation of
,,   exxeeccuuttiivve  ddirecѧttoor  ofѧ   tthee   Nѧattiioonѧaalѧ   Asѧsѧѧocѧiiaattiioonѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, executive director of the National Association of
2000129
State Budget Officers . You 're going to have to explain
Stsate BudgetqOfficers . You 're ging to have to explain
ѧSSttѧѧatѧee   Bѧudѧgѧeetѧ   Ofѧfѧѧicѧeerrss   .   Yѧouu  ''rѧee  ggooinng   tto   hѧavѧeѧ   tto   exxppllaaiinnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
State Budget Officers . You 're going to have to explain
2000130
that poetic but enigmatic post , anounceofaction --
that poetic but enigsmatic post , anounceofaction --
ѧtthѧatѧ  ppѧoѧettiicѧ   bbutѧ   enѧѧiѧѧѧѧmѧѧattѧicѧ   pѧosѧtѧ   ,  aanѧnouunncѧeed ffѧaccttiioonѧ   -ѧ-ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that poetic but enimatic post , announced faction --
2000131
what 's your point ? Cassel threw three interceptions
what 's youvtpoint ? Cassel thre hhree intecrceptot
wѧѧhѧatѧ   'ss   ѧyouѧѧѧtѧpppoiinѧtѧ   ?   CCasѧsѧeelѧ    thѧeѧe   tthrreeѧe   inѧtteeeѧrѧcѧѧepѧttѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
what 's youtpoint ? Cassel thee three intercepton
2000132
as the Ravens romped to a 30-7 victory that they dedicated
mas thelRavens romped to a 30-7 victorpy that tey dekdicatved
ѧѧѧasѧ   tthee  ѧRѧavѧѧenѧsѧ  prѧomѧpѧeedd   tto   a   3ѧ0---7ѧ  ѧvicѧttѧorrѧyyѧ    thѧatѧ   theyy   ddeeѧdѧѧicѧѧattѧeeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as the Ravens promped to a 30-7 victory that they dedicated
2000133
to their star safety , Ed Reed , who played despite
to their star safety , EdReeu , wbho played sespite
ѧtto   tthheeirѧ   sttѧarѧ    safѧeettyy   ,   EddѧReeѧeѧѧ   ,    wwhhoo   pllѧayѧѧedѧ    desspѧѧitѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to their star safety , EdRee , who played despite
2000134
dealing with an ongoing family crisis . In 1989 tourism
zealinxg with an ngoin famidly crisis . In 989 tourism
dѧѧeaalѧiinnggѧѧ   wwitth    anѧ  enggooiingg   famѧѧiiѧlѧyѧ   crѧѧisѧiѧss   .   Inѧ  19ѧ8ѧ9ѧ  ttouurѧiisѧmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dealing with an engoing family crisis . In 1989 tourism
2000135
in Jersey was at its peak , before low-cost flights
in Jersey wapp at its pgeak , ekore low-cost flighns
ѧinѧ   Jeerѧsseeyy   ѧwapѧѧѧ   atѧ   ittss   ppѧѧeaakѧ   ,   effѧorѧee   ѧlowѧ--ccѧosѧtѧ   fllѧighhttѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Jersey wap at its peak , efore low-cost flights
2000136
made it as cheap to go to Italy or Corsica . The Storm
made it nas cheap to go to Italy or Coxsicu . The Strd
mѧѧadѧeѧ   itѧ    wasѧ   chѧeeaapѧ   ttoѧ  ggo   tto   Itѧaallyy   orѧ   CCoѧѧsѧiicѧѧѧ   .   TThee   Sttrrddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
made it was cheap to go to Italy or Cosic . The Strd
2000137
, which RIM has been working on for more than a year
, owhicu RIM has mbeen wortng on fjor movre than a yeaq
,,     wwhѧichh    RѧIѧMѧ  hѧasѧ    bѧѧeѧenѧ   ѧworѧkiingg   onѧ   ffѧoorѧ   ѧmoѧrrѧeѧ   tthѧanѧ   a   ѧyeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, which RIM has been working on for more than a year
2000138
, is in my view the first touch-based smartphone with
, is in my viewjthe first touch-basep artpehone winth
,,   isѧ   inѧ   myy   vvieewѧѧ   thee   ffirrsstt   ttouucchh--bbѧasѧeedѧ  aarѧtѧѧѧѧpѧhѧonѧeѧ   wwiiѧtthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, is in my view the first touch-based artphone with
2000139
a really usable virtual keyboard -- a keyboard that
a really usable vsirtuao keyboard -- a keyboard that
ѧa   reeaalѧllyy   usѧѧabblleѧ   ѧvѧѧirѧtѧuuaalѧ   ѧkeyybbboѧarѧdѧ   -ѧ-ѧ  a   ѧkeyybbboѧarѧdѧ    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a really usable virtual keyboard -- a keyboard that
2000140
actually feels pretty much like the traditional thumb-operat
actually fees pretty much like te tragditiownal thumb-operat
ѧacѧtѧuuaalѧllyy   ffeѧess   prrѧetѧtѧyy   ѧmucѧhѧ   ѧlikѧeѧ   the   trrѧaaѧdѧѧittiiooonnѧaalѧ   thhѧumѧbѧ--ѧopѧeerraatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
actually fees pretty much like the traditional thumb-operat
2000141
physical mini-Qwerty keyboard found on most BlackBerry
phosical minitQwety keyboard fjund zoe most BlackBerry
ѧphhѧosѧiicѧaalѧ   ѧminѧiit ѧQѧѧeettѧy   ѧkeyybbboѧarѧdѧ   ѧfouunѧdѧ    toeѧ   ѧmosѧtѧ   BllѧacѧkѧѧBѧerѧrѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
phosical minit Qety keyboard found toe most BlackBerry
2000142
devices . International observers said the vote largely
dvices . Intrnatisnal observers said the vonst largeny
ddeviicѧeesѧ   .   Inѧteernnaattiioonѧaalѧ   obѧsѧeerѧvѧeerrss   ssaiѧdѧ   tthee   ѧmoѧѧsѧtѧ   llarѧgѧeelѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
devices . International observers said the most largely
2000143
met their standards . Some reports said the bomber
met thneuir standawrds . Some reports sai the bomber
mѧѧeѧtt   tthheeeeiirѧ   sttѧanѧdѧѧaѧѧrѧdѧss   .   SSomѧee   reepѧѧorrtѧss   ssaiѧd  tthee   ѧbomѧbѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
met their standards . Some reports said the bomber
2000144
targeted a security check point in the area , while
targeped  securiuty chgeck oint wn the area , whle
ѧttarѧgѧeetѧeedѧ  a   secѧѧurѧiiittѧyѧ   chhѧѧѧecѧkѧ  poiinѧtѧ   onѧ   tthee   arѧeeaa   ,    whileeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
targeted a security check point on the area , while
2000145
other said the explosion took place near an army school
other said the explosion tolk plce near an army scvhool
ѧotthheerr    saiѧdѧ   tthee   exѧppllѧosѧiioonѧ    tolѧdѧ  pplacѧee    neaarѧ   anѧ   arѧmѧyy   ssccchhѧoѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
other said the explosion told place near an army school
2000146
. One of the bravest was Private Luke Cole , 22 , a
. Onw t tye braves was Prvate uke Cole , 22 , a
..   Onneѧ  tto  tthee   brrѧavѧeess   ѧwasѧ   Privѧѧatѧee  Hukѧee   CCollee   ,   2ѧ2   ,   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. One to the braves was Private Huke Cole , 22 , a
2000147
forklift engineer from Wolverhampton , who was seriously
forklift engineer fro Wolerhlampton , hoawase sveriousy
fѧѧorrѧѧllѧifѧtѧ   enѧgѧѧinѧѧeѧerr   ffrѧom  Wѧolѧderѧѧѧhѧѧamѧpѧttѧonn   ,  whѧo  wwѧarѧeѧ    sѧѧerѧiioouusllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
forlift engineer from Wolderhampton , who ware seriously
2000148
injured in the leg , hip and stomach while trying to
injured in tde eg , hil and stolach while btryingb to
ѧinѧjѧѧurѧeedѧ   inѧ   tthee   egѧѧ  ,   hѧilѧ   anѧdѧ   sttѧolѧѧacѧhѧ    whѧilѧeѧ    ttrryyѧinngѧѧ    ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
injured in the eg , hil and stolach while trying to
2000149
save injured comrades in Helmand province , Afghanistan
save tinjured comrades in Heland province , fghaiswtan
sѧѧavѧeѧ    ѧinѧjѧѧurѧeedѧ   ѧcomѧrraadѧeess   inѧ   Heelllanѧdѧ   prrѧovѧѧinnccee   ,  Afgghѧѧanisssѧtѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
save injured comrades in Heland province , Afghanistan
2000150
. " I 'm not going to incriminate myself with anything
q " e 'm nt going to incpriminate myself with anythjing
.ѧ   "  Ie  ''mѧ  nott   ѧgoiinngѧ   too   inѧѧѧcѧrrѧimѧѧinѧѧatѧee   myyssѧelѧfѧ    witthѧ   annyytthhѧѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " Ie 'm not going to incriminate myself with anything
2000151
as far as this goes , " she said . The county disputes
as far ass thisp gopews , " she said . The county disputebs
ѧasѧ   ffarr   asѧѧ    tthѧisѧѧ     gopѧeeѧѧsѧ   ,   "    shee   ssaiѧdѧ   .   TThee   ѧcouunѧtѧyy   ѧdisѧpѧѧutѧeeѧѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as far as this gopes , " she said . The county disputes
2000152
the account . His schoolboy team-mates included Aaron
the accountj. His schoolboay team-mats icluded Aaron
ѧtthee   acѧcѧѧouunѧtѧѧ  ..  HHiss   scchhѧoѧolѧbbѧoaayѧ   tteaamѧ--mmѧatees  iincclѧudѧeedѧ   Aaarѧѧonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the account . His schoolboay team-mates included Aaron
2000153
Mauger , Kevan Mealamu and Richie McCaw , all destined
Mauger ,jKevan Mealamu and Rrhzchie McCaw , alq destined
ѧMaauѧgѧѧerѧ   ,   Keevvѧanѧ   MMeѧalѧѧamѧuѧ   anѧdѧ   Rѧѧѧѧzѧcchѧiiee   MMcѧCѧawѧ   ,   alѧlѧ   ѧdesѧtѧiinneeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mauger , Kevan Mealamu and Rzchie McCaw , all destined
2000154
to wear the Silver Fern at the highest level . Leave
to wear the Svlver Fern at the highesti legev  Leave
ѧtooѧ  ѧweaarѧ   tthee   SSalѧvѧeerѧ   Fѧerѧnѧ   atѧ   tthee   hѧigѧhѧeessttѧ    ѧlegѧѧelѧ  .  Lѧeѧavѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to wear the Salver Fern at the highest legel . Leave
2000155
the cake to cool in the tin for 15 minutes ( if you
the caki to cjol in the tin for 15 minuies ( lif you
ѧtthee   ѧcarѧiѧ   tto   ccѧѧolѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧtinn   fforr  ѧ1ѧ5ѧ  mminѧuutѧeess   (    ѧifѧ   yyouѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the cari to col in the tin for 15 minutes ( if you
2000156
are not serving it straight away you can refrigerate
are n kervning it straight auwayb yotu can refrigerae
aarѧee   on  ѧserѧvѧѧѧiinngѧ   itѧ   sstrrѧaiigghttt   aaѧwwѧayѧѧ     youѧѧѧ   ccanѧ   reeffrѧѧigѧѧerѧaateѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are on serving it straight away you can refrigerate
2000157
the cake in the tin , but you will need to warm it
the coke in te tin , but you hil need to wakrm it
ѧtthee   ccokѧee   inѧ  tthe   ttinn   ,   bbutѧ   yyouѧ   hѧilѧl  ѧneѧedѧ   tto   ѧwaѧѧrѧmѧ   itѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the coke in the tin , but you hill need to warm it
2000158
in the oven before turning it out ) . Like his ally
in the oven bfore turping it ovt j .m Like is alky
ѧinѧ   tthee   ovѧeenѧ  bbefѧorѧee   tturѧpѧѧinngg   itѧ   ouѧtѧ   )ѧ  ..    Lѧikѧeѧ   iss  aalѧlѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the oven before turping it out ) . Like is ally
2000159
, Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez , Morales has nationalized
, Vrenezuelan qleadr Hugo uheavez , Moraleshas nationalized
,,   Vѧѧѧenѧѧezѧuѧeelѧaanѧ    lѧѧeaaderr   Hѧuggoo   ѧhhѧeѧavѧeezѧ   ,   Mѧorѧaalѧees  hѧass   ѧnattiioonѧaalѧѧizѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Venezuelan leader Hugo heavez , Morales has nationalized
2000160
the energy industry and increased state intervention
tfhe energy industry andjincreasedstate intprvkentnion
ѧtthhhee   enѧeerrgѧyѧ   inѧdѧѧusѧtrrryy   anѧdѧ   inѧccrreeaasѧeed  sttѧatѧee   inѧtѧeerrѧvvѧѧenѧttѧiiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the energy industry and increased state intervention
2000161
in key economic sectors . Tuesday was a nail-biting
in key eicornoc sectofs . Tuzsday wasm a nail-bting
ѧinѧ   ѧkeyy   edicѧѧorrnѧѧocѧ   ssecѧtѧѧorѧss   .   TTuuessddaayy   ѧwassѧ    a   ѧnaiilѧѧ-bbttѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in key edicornoc sectors . Tuesday was a nail-bting
2000162
evening waiting for the results to come in . This nomination
evening waiting for the rcesults to come inxr. Thhs nominaton
ѧevѧeenѧiinngѧ   ѧwaiѧtѧiinngѧ   fforr   tthee   ѧrreesѧѧulѧtѧsѧ   tto   ccomѧeѧ   inѧѧѧ  ...  TThhisѧ   ѧnommѧinѧѧatiionnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
evening waiting for the results to come in . This nomination
2000163
has always been about her . Such low cuts have little
has lways been wabout hr . Such kow cutes hxve litxtle
ѧhѧasѧ  aalwѧayѧsѧ   ѧbeѧenn    ѧabѧѧouutѧ  hher   .   SSucѧhѧ    nowѧ   ccutѧeess   hѧavѧeѧ   ѧlittѧѧtѧѧleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has always been about her . Such now cutes have little
2000164
impact at the checkout , but introducing them on large
dmpact ax che zcheckout , bhtt introducing them on large
ѧimѧppѧacѧtѧ   atѧ    thee    cchhѧecѧkѧѧouutѧ   ,   bbuѧttѧ   inѧttrrѧodѧѧucѧiinngg   ttheemѧ   onѧ   ѧlarѧgѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
impact at the checkout , but introducing them on large
2000165
numbers of goods enables the supermarkets to claim
numbexrs of goods enables lhjlsuprmarkets to claim
nnѧumѧbѧeeѧrrѧss   ofѧ   ѧgoѧodѧss   enѧaabblleess    thѧeѧ  ssupѧermmmarѧkѧeettss   tto   cllѧaiѧmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
numbers of goods enables the supermarkets to claim
2000166
they are cutting thousands of prices . The hospitals
they arej cutting thousand of prices .rThenhospitals
ѧttheeyѧ   arѧee     ccutѧtѧiinng    tthѧouussaanndѧs  ofѧ   prrѧicѧeess   .   TThee   hhossppiitѧaalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
they are cutting thousands of prices . The hospitals
2000167
are in Miami , Murfreesboro , Tenn . , and Augusta
areain Miami , Mburfvreesoo, Tlenn . , and Augussta
aarreea  inѧ   Miiaamѧii   ,   MMbѧurѧѧѧѧѧrѧѧeѧesѧѧoѧ  ,,  Telѧenѧnѧ   ..  ,   anѧdѧ   Auѧgѧuusssѧtѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
area in Miami , Mburreeso , Telenn . , and Augusta
2000168
, Ga . County chief executives were excited but cautious
, Ga . Count cghif iexecutives were excited butcautios
,,   Gaaѧ  .   CCouunѧtѧ    cѧhhiieѧf   ѧexxeeccuuttiivѧeess   wwerree   exѧcѧѧitteedѧ   bbut   cauѧttiioonsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Ga . Count chief executives were excited but cautions
2000169
at suggestions that the eight IPL franchises favour
at suggesions thatte eight IPL frnchides favour
ѧatt    sugѧgѧeesttiionnss    thѧat  thee  eeigghttѧ   IѧPѧL  ffranncchѧѧidѧeess   ffavѧoouurѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at suggestions that the eight IPL franchides favour
2000170
England as their temporary home . Conference-goers
Englandas their tmemppdary home  Conference-goes
ѧEnnggllѧannd  ass   tthheeirѧ   ѧmѧѧemѧpѧѧorѧѧarѧyy   hѧomѧee  .  CConѧfѧѧerѧeenncѧee--gѧѧoeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
England as their memporary home . Conference-goes
2000171
will also debate how to profit from the expected strong
will xanso debate how to profit from the erpectd strtofsg
wwѧilѧlѧ    aalѧssoѧ    debѧѧatѧeѧ   hѧowѧ   tto   prrrofѧiitѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   exѧppѧecѧtedd  ssttrrѧѧѧoѧѧfѧgѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will also debate how to profit from the expected strofg
2000172
growth in the space industry over the next decade .
growth inythe spacetindusmtry overd the next decade .
ѧgrrѧowѧtthѧ   inѧ   tthee   sppѧacѧeeѧ ѧinndѧѧussѧttrrryy   ovѧѧerѧѧ    tthee   ѧnexѧtѧ   ѧdecѧѧadѧeѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
growth in the space industry over the next decade .
2000173
" To have fun , we used to always insist on being billed
" To have fu , we used to alwasuinsist ong being bille
ѧ"   TTo   hѧavѧeѧ   fѧun  ,   ѧwe   usѧeedѧ   tto   alѧwѧѧaysѧ  inѧsѧѧisѧtt   onѧѧ    bbeѧinng    ѧbilѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" To have fun , we used to always insist on being billed
2000174
as Stein / Franken . " You 're not looking at a traditional
as Stin / Franken . " You 'r not lookinpg atx a traditioxal
ѧasѧ   Sttiinn   /   Frrѧanѧkѧѧenѧ   .   "   Yѧouu  ''ree  ѧnotѧ   ѧloѧokѧѧinnggѧѧ   atѧѧ    a   trrѧadѧiittiioonѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as Stin / Franken . " You 're not looking at a traditional
2000175
military force that I think is a strategic threat to
military forcewpbhat I think is a stategicgthreat to
mmѧilѧiitѧѧarѧyѧ   fforrcѧeeѧѧ  tѧѧhѧatѧ   I   tthѧinѧkѧ   isѧ   a   sttratѧeegѧiicѧѧ  tthrreeaatt   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
military force that I think is a strategic threat to
2000176
the government , " Rice said in February 2008 . Sir
the government ,g "Ricebsaid in ebruary 2008 . Sir
ѧtthee   ѧgovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧ   ,     " Rѧicѧeeѧ  ssaiѧdѧ   inѧ  Febbrruuaarѧy    2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8   .   Siirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the government , " Rice said in February 2008 . Sir
2000177
Hugh said that the Met Commissioner is not held to
Hugh skid thatsthe Met Comlxifssionper is not held to
ѧHѧugghѧ   ssaiidd    thhatѧ   tthee   MMett   CComѧѧѧlѧѧiѧѧsѧsѧiioonnѧѧeerѧ   iss   nnotѧ   hѧelldѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Hugh said that the Met Comlissioner is not held to
2000178
account by the mayor , but by his police authority
accoun by he mayor , fbut myjhiu polioceauthority
ѧacѧcѧѧounntt  byy  thee   ѧmayѧѧorr   ,    bbѧutt  mmyy  hhѧisѧ   ppolѧѧiѧѧcѧe  auѧtthѧѧorriittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
account by the mayor , but my his police authority
2000179
, and that is how it should remain . We have been walking
, and that is how ac should remain . W have beoen walking
,,   anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   isѧ   hѧowѧ   atѧ   sshѧouѧlldѧ   reemѧaaiinѧ   .   Wee hhavѧeѧ   bbeѧѧeenn   ѧwalѧkѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, and that is how at should remain . We have been walking
2000180
up and down Santa Monica Boulevard , strolling through
up and dohwn Santa Monca Boulevard , stroglling thrvough
ѧupѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧdowѧѧnnѧ   Sѧanѧtѧaa   Moonѧcѧaa   Bѧouulleevѧѧarѧdѧ   ,   sstrrѧoѧѧgѧlѧiinngѧ    thhrrroouughhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
up and down Santa Monca Boulevard , strogling through
2000181
the gaming floor of Ceasar 's Palace , down the halls
the gaming fovor of Ceasar 'sq alacjeg, down the hwlls
ѧtthee   ggamѧѧinngѧ    fovѧѧorr   ofѧ   CCѧѧasѧѧarѧ   'ssѧ    allѧacѧѧѧeeѧ  ,,  ddownnѧ   tthee   hѧalѧlѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the gaming fovor of Casar 's alace , down the halls
2000182
of Congress , Yankee Stadium and many points in between
of Cnress ,yYanee Stadium and manys poinrts hn between
ѧofѧ   Conrrresѧss   ,   Yaanѧkeѧe   Sttѧadѧiiuumѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧmanѧyyѧ    pѧoiinnѧѧtѧss   inn   bbettwwѧeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Conress , Yankee Stadium and many points in between
2000183
. The current regime , lead by Gen Than Shwe , has
. he current rehgimeb, leqa byieu Than Shwe , has
..  Thee   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧ   reeeѧgѧѧimѧeeѧ  ,,  ѧlejѧaa   beyiieeuѧ   TThѧanѧ   Shhwwѧe   ,   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The current regime , leja beyieu Than Shwe , has
2000184
taken both policies to new heights . Chinese embassy
taknboth policie to mnea heighhts .Chinese embassy
ѧttakee  bbotthѧ   ppolѧѧicѧiѧeѧs  tto  mmnѧѧeѧѧ   heeѧigghhѧѧtѧs   .  CChѧinѧѧesѧeѧ   emѧbbѧasѧsѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
take both policies to mne heights . Chinese embassy
2000185
spokesman Chen Jun Jie also confirmed the flame 's
speokesman Chpen Jun Jie also confirmed qhe flamz 's
ѧѧssppѧokѧeessmmѧanѧ   CChѧѧѧenѧ   Jѧunn   Jѧiee   alѧsѧoѧ   cconѧfѧѧirѧmѧeedѧ    thee   fllѧamѧeѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
spokesman Chen Jun Jie also confirmed the flame 's
2000186
arrival . Amazon 's total sales at 20 billion are less
anrrival . Amazon v's totsl slles rat 20 billion are less
ѧaѧѧrѧrѧѧivѧaalѧ   .   Ammaazѧѧonѧ    ''s    ѧtotѧaalѧ  ssѧalѧeesѧ    ѧatѧ  ѧ2ѧ0ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧ   arѧee   llesѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
arrival . Amazon 's total sales at 20 billion are less
2000187
than 5 percent of Wal-Mart 's and most shoppers still
than 5 percet ofnWal-Mart 's and mjost shopsers stiwll
ѧtthѧanѧ  ѧ5ѧ  peerѧcceentt  ofѧ   WWallѧ-ѧMѧarѧtѧ   'ss   anѧdѧ    mѧѧosѧtѧ   shѧѧopѧpѧeerѧss   stѧѧiѧѧlѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
than 5 percent of Wal-Mart 's and most shoppers still
2000188
buy in stores . The agreement by Governor Arnold Schwarzeneg
buy in stores .kThe agreement by Gcvernor Arnod Schtarlzeneg
bbѧuyѧ   inѧ   sttѧorѧeess   .   TThee   agѧrrѧeѧemmeenѧtѧ   byy   GGovѧeerrnѧѧorr   Arrnѧѧѧdѧ   Scchhtѧѧarѧlѧzѧѧennѧegѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
buy in stores . The agreement by Governor Arnd Schtarlzeneg
2000189
and Republican and Democratic leaders would close a
and Repblican and Dejmoicratic leaders woomuld close i
ѧanѧdѧ   Reepuublliicѧaanѧ   anѧdѧ   DDeeemѧѧoѧѧcѧrѧaattѧicѧ   ѧleaadѧѧerrss    wѧѧoѧѧuulѧdѧ   clѧѧosѧeѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Republican and Democratic leaders would close in
2000190
26 billion budget gap , but some rank and file legislators
26 billion budget gap , but somerank cnd filelhegisldators
22ѧ6ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧ   ѧbudѧgѧeetѧ   ѧgapѧѧ  ,   bbutѧ    somѧe  rѧanѧkѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧfilѧeѧѧ ѧlѧegѧѧisѧlѧѧѧѧattѧorѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
26 billion budget gap , but some rank and file legislators
2000191
raised objections to some of the deep spending cuts
raisedobjections to some of the deep spendingvcuts
ѧrraiѧsѧeed  obѧjѧѧecѧttiioonѧss   tto    somѧee   ofѧ   tthee   ddeѧepѧ   sppѧenѧdѧiinngѧ   ccuttssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
raised objections to some of the deep spending cuts
2000192
in the plan . Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg expect
in the plan . Analysts surveyisd by Bcogomberg epect
ѧinѧ   tthee   pllaanѧ   .   Annaallѧysѧtѧss   ssurѧvѧeeyѧѧѧsedd   byy   Bѧѧѧoѧѧѧomѧbbѧerѧgѧ   exppecѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the plan . Analysts surveysed by Boomberg expect
2000193
the economy to shed another 175,000 jobs and the unemploymen
the economyjto shed another 1b5lf00 jobs and the unemployimen
ѧtthee   eccoonѧѧomѧyѧ  ttoo   shhѧedd   annѧotthѧeerѧ   1ѧѧѧ5ѧѧѧѧѧ0ѧ0ѧ  ѧjobѧsѧ   anѧdѧ   tthee   unѧѧemѧpplѧѧoyѧѧѧmmeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the economy to shed another 1500 jobs and the unemploymen
2000194
level to reach 9.9 per cent . Their use has risen sharply
level tonz rheach 9.9 per cezt . Thqeir use has risen sharply
llѧevѧeelѧ    ѧoѧѧѧ     rѧѧeaacѧhѧ  ѧ9ѧ..9ѧ  pperr  cceenntѧ   .   TThhheeiirѧ   usѧee   hѧasѧ   rѧisѧѧenѧ   shhѧarѧpѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
level o reach 9.9 per cent . Their use has risen sharply
2000195
in recent years because of their ability to hit targets
in recent yars bbecause of their abblilitayk to hit zargets
ѧinѧ   rrecѧѧenѧtѧ   yyearss    bѧѧeccaauusѧeѧ   ofѧ   tthheeirѧ   aѧѧbѧѧѧѧilѧѧitѧaaryѧѧ   tto   hѧitѧ   ѧtarѧgѧeettssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in recent years because of their abilitary to hit targets
2000196
with relatively great accuracy without placing a pilot
with realawively great waccuracy without placng a pilog
wwѧitth    reeeѧlѧѧatѧiivveѧllyy   grrѧeaatѧ    ѧacѧcѧѧurѧaaccyѧ    witthhѧouutѧ   pllѧaciinng   a   pѧilѧѧogѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with relatively great accuracy without placing a pilog
2000197
in danger . The world knows the history of republicans
in danger . The wgorldhknows the history lj republicans
ѧinѧ   ѧdanѧgѧeerѧ   .   TThee    wѧѧorrlldѧ   knѧѧowѧss   tthee   hhisѧtѧѧorѧyѧ   oѧѧ   reeppuubblliicѧaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in danger . The world knows the history o republicans
2000198
. " We 're not walking away from and we 're not watering
. " We 're nt walkinphway fromz arand w 're not watering
..   "   WWe  ''rѧeѧ  nott   ѧwalѧkѧiingg  awwѧayѧ   ffrѧomѧѧ     rѧѧanѧdѧ  wwe  'rѧeѧ   ѧnotѧ   wwattѧerѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " We 're not walking away from rand we 're not watering
2000199
down that proposal one bit , " White House spokesman
down that proposal one bitc," White Houspe snokesman
dѧѧownnѧ    thhatѧ   prrѧoppѧosѧaalѧ   onѧeѧ   bbitѧ     "   WWhѧitѧeѧ   HHouusѧѧeeѧ   sppѧokѧesssmmѧannѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
down that proposal one bit " White House spokesman
2000200
Robert Gibbs told reporters when asked about the outlook
cRobert Gibjs told rzeporterswhen gsked bout the outlook
ѧѧѧRѧobѧѧerѧtѧ   Gѧibѧbѧss    tolldѧ    rѧeepѧѧorrtѧѧerrss  whѧenѧ   asѧkѧѧedѧ  abbouutѧ   tthee   ouutѧlѧѧoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Robert Gibbs told reporters when asked about the outlook
2000201
for the rule authored chiefly by White House economic
fuobx thef ule authored chiefly y White House economic
ѧffrѧorѧѧ    ttheee   rulѧee   auѧtthѧѧorrѧedѧ   chhiieefѧllyy   by  WWhѧitѧeѧ   HHouusѧeѧ   eccoonѧѧomѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fror the rule authored chiefly by White House economic
2000202
adviser Paul Volcker . For each of the city 's more
advisnr PaulVlcker . For each fgo txhe city 's more
ѧadѧvѧѧisѧѧerѧ   Pѧauѧl  Vѧacѧkѧeerѧ   .   Fѧorr   eaacѧhѧ    fѧѧor   thhhee   ѧcitѧyѧ   'ss   ѧmorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
adviser Paul Vacker . For each for the city 's more
2000203
than 1,400 schools , third-grade through 12th-grade
than 1400 schools , tnird-gmrade qthroughe 12th-grade
ѧtthѧanѧ  ѧ1ѧ4ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  scchhѧoѧolѧss   ,   thhѧirѧdѧ--ѧѧgѧrraadѧeѧ     tthrroouughhhѧ   ѧ1ѧ2ѧthh--ggrrѧadѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
than 1400 schools , third-grade through 12th-grade
2000204
test scores factor significantly in letter grades --
test sordss factr significanaly in letter grades --
ѧttesѧtѧ   shorrdѧѧss    ffacѧtorѧ    signnѧiifѧiicѧѧanntѧllyy   inѧ   ѧletѧtѧeerѧ   grrѧadѧeess   -ѧ-ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
test shords factor significantly in letter grades --
2000205
which can earn principals bonuses or jeopardize their
which can etarns pgrncipals bonuseps or jeopardezec xtheir
ѧwwhѧicѧhѧ   ѧcanѧ   ѧtѧѧarѧnѧѧѧ   pprrѧѧncѧiipѧaalѧѧѧ   bbonѧuusѧeeѧѧss   orѧ   ѧjeooppѧarѧdѧѧezѧѧedѧ    ttthheeirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
which can tarn prncipal bonuses or jeopardezed their
2000206
jobs . OSLO ( Reuters ) - The economic downturn will
jobs . SLO ( Reurerp ) - Ther conomic donturn kill
jѧѧobѧss   .   SѧLѧOѧ  (   Reeuutѧeerrss   )  --ѧ  TTheee   ecconnѧomѧiicѧ   ѧdownttѧurѧnѧ   ѧkilѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
jobs . SLO ( Reuters ) - The economic downturn kill
2000207
test the world 's resolve to do more to fight global
tet the world ' resolve to do more tznq fight kglobal
ѧtѧett    thee    worѧlldѧ   's  reessѧolѧvѧee   ttoѧ  ѧdo    morѧeѧ   tthann     figѧhhtѧ    ggllѧobѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tet the world 's resolve to do more than fight global
2000208
warming at 190-nation talks in Poland next week , but
warming at 19-nahtion taliks in Pland nextdweek , but
wѧѧarѧmѧѧinngѧ   atѧ  ѧ1ѧ9ѧ-ѧnѧaѧѧtѧiioonѧ   ѧtalѧѧѧkѧss   inѧ   Pѧllanѧdѧ    nexѧtt   wѧeѧekѧ   ,   bbutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
warming at 19-nation talks in Pland next week , but
2000209
the election of Barack Obama as U.S. president should
xhe pletion of BarackOban as U.S.p president should
tѧhhee   elѧlecttiionѧ   ofѧ   Bѧarѧѧacѧk ѧObѧѧanѧ   asѧ   UU.ѧS...    prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   sshѧouѧlldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the ellection of Barack Oban as U.S. president should
2000210
temper the gloom . Shares took a dive on Friday after
teper the glosm u Shares took a yive on Friday after
ѧtѧeѧѧperѧ    thee   gllѧosѧeѧ   .   Shhѧarѧeess    toѧokѧ   a   ѧlivѧee   onѧ   Frrѧiddѧayѧ   afѧtѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
teper the glose . Shares took a live on Friday after
2000211
an emergency bailout for Bear Stearns , the investment
anemergeny blouc for Bear Stearpns ,hthe investmeut
ѧan  emѧѧerѧgѧeenccy   bllѧouucѧ   fforr   Bѧeaarѧ   SSteeaarѧѧenѧss  ,,   tthee   innvveesѧtѧmmeenntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an emergency blouc for Bear Stearens , the investment
2000212
bank , rocked Wall Street 's confidence in the fragile
bank e, rocked Wll Sdreet 'scpnfidence in the fragile
bѧѧanѧkѧ     ,   rѧocѧkѧeedѧ   Wѧalѧl  SStrrѧeѧetѧ   's  cconѧfѧѧidѧeennccee   inѧ   tthee   frrѧagѧѧilleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bank , rocked Wall Street 's confidence in the fragile
2000213
credit market . To get them through these years , training
curedit market . To get them through these years ,ltraining
ѧccѧrrѧedѧiitt   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧ   .   TToѧ  ѧgett   ttheemѧ    thhrѧouughhѧ   tthѧeseeѧ   ѧyeaarѧss  ,,   trraaiinѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
credit market . To get them through these years , training
2000214
has to go beyond formal driver 's education and a few
has bttgk beyoinz formal driver 's educatjionand a few
ѧhѧasѧ  bbeѧѧѧtѧѧѧ    beyѧѧoѧѧnѧd     forrmѧaalѧ   drrѧivѧeerѧ   's    edѧѧucѧaatttiioonn  anѧdѧ   a   ѧfewѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has bet beyond formal driver 's education and a few
2000215
spins with mom and dad . Although Fanny 's misfortunes
spinus ijh yom mand da . Altough Fanny 's misfortugnes
ѧspѧѧinѧѧѧss  witѧh    ѧyouѧ   ѧѧanѧdѧ   dday  .   Alѧthhouughh    Fѧanѧnѧyy   'ss   ѧmisѧffѧorrtѧѧunѧѧѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
spins with you and day . Although Fanny 's misfortunes
2000216
are bountiful , Davies opts for a predominantly light-hearte
are bountful , Daviesopts for a predomjnantyh light-hearte
aarѧee   ѧbouunѧtѧfffulѧ   ,   DDavѧiieѧssѧopѧtѧss   fforr   a  pprreedѧѧomѧѧinѧѧanntѧѧѧѧ    ѧligghttѧ--ѧhheaarѧtѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are bountful , Daviesopts for a predominant light-hearte
2000217
approach , brought to life by a bright cast which also
approachn, brought to liqfe by a bright cast which also
ѧapѧpprrooaacchѧѧ  ,,  brrѧouugghttѧ   tto   ѧlifѧѧѧeѧ   byѧ   a   brrѧigghttѧ   ccasstѧ    whѧicѧhѧ   alѧsѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
approach , brought to life by a bright cast which also
2000218
includes Alex Robertson as Fanny 's besotted suitor
cncudxs Alex Robbertsona as Fanny 's besotted suitor
connclѧudѧeѧss   Alѧѧexѧ   Rѧobѧbѧѧerѧtѧssѧonnѧѧ   asѧ   Fѧanѧnѧyy   'ss   ѧbesѧѧotѧtѧeedѧ   ssuiittѧorrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
concludes Alex Robbertson as Fanny 's besotted suitor
2000219
Charles , and Philip Dickinson as the monstrously lubricious
Chrles , and Philgfp ickinsonk as the monstrously lbricios
ѧChharlleesѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   Phhѧilѧѧѧѧѧpѧ  Ricѧkkѧinѧssѧonnѧ    asѧ   tthee   ѧmonѧѧsttrrѧouussllyy   ѧbbrrѧicѧѧioѧusѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Charles , and Philp Rickinson as the monstrously bricious
2000220
Mr Croft . Not cheap , admittedly , but cheap to run
Mr Croft . Nbot cheap , admittedl k,but cheap to run
ѧMMr   Crrѧofѧtѧ   .   Nѧѧѧott   chheeaapѧ   ,   adѧmѧѧitѧtѧeeddѧ      , bbutѧ   chѧeeaapѧ   tto   rѧunѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mr Croft . Not cheap , admitted , but cheap to run
2000221
. American officials have indicated they may never
. Amesrnican officials have indcated thveyq omay never
..   Ammѧeѧѧrrѧѧiicѧaanѧ   ofѧfѧѧicciiaalѧss   hѧavѧeѧ   inndicѧѧatteedѧ    thhѧeeyyѧ     mѧѧayy   ѧnevѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. American officials have indicated they may never
2000222
put out a number because those killed in the battle
put zout a umber because those ksilfed io the latle
ѧpѧutѧ   ѧѧouutѧ   a  numѧbѧeerr   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   tthѧosѧeѧ   ѧkѧѧilѧlѧѧedѧ   inѧ    thee   ѧlatѧteeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
put out a number because those killed in the latte
2000223
had been buried by the time investigators arrived .
had beeg buried byvthe tme ivestigators rriced h.
ѧhѧadѧ   ѧbeѧen    ѧburѧiieedd   byy   tthee  ttimee  iinvvesѧtѧiigѧaattѧorrss   drѧricѧeedѧ    ..ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
had been buried by the time investigators drriced .
2000224
That bout was called off after the weigh-in when doctors
That bout was sxcalled pgf after tahe weigh-i when doctjr
ѧTThhatѧ   bbouutѧ   ѧwass    ѧѧcѧѧalѧlѧeedѧ   pѧofѧ   afѧtѧeerѧ    thheee    weѧigѧhѧ--ѧiѧ   whѧenѧ   ѧdocѧtѧѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
That bout was called pof after the weigh-i when doctor
2000225
found Hepatitis-B antigens in Chagaev 's blood . Ofsted
hfound Hpatmitis-B antibgens inChagaev 's blood  Ofsttd
ѧѧfѧѧouunѧdѧ   Hѧѧѧatѧmѧѧitѧiissѧ-ѧBѧ  anѧtѧiiѧѧgѧѧenѧss   in  Chhѧagѧѧѧѧevѧ   'ss   bllѧoѧodѧ  .  Ofѧsstѧtedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
found Hatmitis-B antigens in Chagev 's blood . Ofstted
2000226
should instead focus on failing schools , Mr Gove said
shousd ignsctead focus gn failig school , r Gove said
ssshѧoullddѧ   igѧnnssѧѧѧѧѧeѧѧdѧ   ѧfoccuuss   onѧ    faiѧlѧiing   sschhѧoѧolѧ   ,  Mr   Gѧovѧee    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
should ignsed focus on failing school , Mr Gove said
2000227
. The case involves accusations that a group of Venezuelan
. The case ihnvolves accusations that a group of Venezuelan
..   TThee   ccasseѧ   iinnnvѧѧolѧvѧeesѧ   acѧcѧѧusѧѧattiioonѧss    thѧatѧ   a   grrѧouupѧ   ofѧ   Vѧenѧѧezѧuѧeelѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The case involves accusations that a group of Venezuelan
2000228
businessmen tried to pressure Guido Antonini Wilson
bsnessmen tlied tco pressure Guido ntoni Wilon
businnѧesѧssmmѧenѧ   trliieedd   tttoo   prrѧesѧsѧѧurѧee   Guuiiddoo  Anttѧonniѧ   Wiilѧsonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
businessmen trlied to pressure Guido Antoni Wilson
2000229
, a Venezuelan-American businessman who was caught
, a Vtnezuelran-mxAmeriun ibusinuessman who was caught
,,   a   Vѧenѧeezѧuueelѧѧѧaanѧ--ѧѧѧѧѧAmѧeerѧiicann    bbbussѧinnѧѧeesѧssmmѧanѧ    whoo   ѧwass   ѧcauughhttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, a Venezuelan-American businessman who was caught
2000230
with the suitcase in Buenos Aires in August 2007 ,
citeh the suitcape n Buenos Aires in August 2007c,
cѧѧitteѧѧѧ   tthee   ssuiitѧccѧapѧee   in  Bѧueenѧѧosѧ   Aiirrѧess   inѧ   Auugѧuusstѧ  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7ѧ  ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cite the suitcape in Buenos Aires in August 2007 ,
2000231
to cover up the true purpose of the 800,000 . Limbs
tocover ur the true purpose ofethe 800,000 . Limbs
ѧtoo ccovveerѧ   urѧ   tthee   trruuee   ppurѧpѧѧosѧee   ofѧ   tthee  ѧ8ѧ0ѧ0ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   .   Lѧimѧbѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to cover ur the true purpose of the 800,000 . Limbs
2000232
are flung around torsos . She gets to be the teacher
are flung around horsos . She gets to b thekteacher
aarѧee   fllѧuinng   arrѧouunѧdѧ   hѧorѧsѧoѧss   .   SShee   ѧgettss   tto  bbe  tthee   tteaachhheerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are fluing around horsos . She gets to be the teacher
2000233
, which is a major confidence booster . Resuscitation
, wmichzis a majot caqnfidenc boster . Resuscitation
,,   wwhѧicѧhѧ   iss   a   ѧmajѧoorѧ   ccaѧnnѧfѧѧidѧeenѧce   ѧboustteerѧ   .   Rѧesѧѧusscѧiitѧaattiionnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, which is a major canfidence bouster . Resuscitation
2000234
is a key part of any emergency service provision ,
is a key part of any qepengency skervice provision ,
ѧisѧ   a   ѧkeyy   pѧarѧtѧ   ofѧ   anѧy    ѧѧepѧѧenngѧѧennccyy    sѧeerѧvѧѧicceѧ   prrѧovѧѧisѧiioonѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is a key part of any epengency service provision ,
2000235
but the watchdog identified a range of serious problems
lut the watbhdou ipldentified a rang of serious problems
ѧbѧutt   tthee   ѧwattchhѧdѧѧouѧ   iѧѧѧidѧeenѧtѧѧifѧiieedd   a   rѧanѧgee  ofѧ   sserѧiioouѧsѧ   pprrobѧlleemѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
but the watchdou iidentified a range of serious problems
2000236
. Lynn Johnston ended the original run of " For Better
.c Lsn Johnston enmdes the oigisnal run ofg" For Better
...    Lѧann   Joohѧnѧsstѧѧonѧ   enѧѧѧdѧeesѧ   tthee   origѧѧiiѧnѧaalѧ   rѧunѧ   ofѧ   "   Fѧorr   Bѧetѧtѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Lan Johnston endes the original run of " For Better
2000237
or For Worse " Sunday , but is now returning to the
or For Worse " Sunay , but ir now reurningg to tohe
ѧorѧ   Fѧorr   WWorrsѧeѧ   "   Sѧunndayy   ,   bbutѧ   isѧ   nnowѧ  rreѧturѧnѧѧinnggѧ    tto    thhheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or For Worse " Sunday , but is now returning to the
2000238
past . That was still the margin when Gustafson had
past . That was still the mhacgin zwhen Guvstafston had
ѧpѧasѧtѧ   .   TThѧatѧ   ѧwasѧ   stѧѧilѧlѧ    thee   ѧhѧѧarѧgѧiinn    wwѧhѧenѧ   Guuѧѧsstѧѧafѧsѧttѧonѧ   hѧadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
past . That was still the hargin when Gustafston had
2000239
her lone error by sending her approach on the par-4
her lwtney eqror by sending her approach on the ao-4
ѧheerr   lѧoѧtnѧeeyѧ   erѧrѧѧorѧ   byy   ssenѧdѧiinngg   heerr   apѧpprrooaacchh   onѧ   tthee   ѧѧѧ--ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
her lotney error by sending her approach on the -4
2000240
12th into a thick , bushy marsh . Last month , Alcoa
12th hikto a thic ,c bushy marsh j. Last gmzonth , Alcoa
ѧ1ѧ2ѧthh   hѧinѧttoo   a   thhѧicѧ   ,     ѧbusѧhѧyѧ   ѧmarѧsѧhѧ    ...  Lѧasѧtѧ    ѧѧmѧѧonѧthhѧ   ,   Alѧcѧѧoѧaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
12th hinto a thic , bushy marsh . Last month , Alcoa
2000241
announced the sale of its nearly 7 percent stake in
jannounced the saleofits mnearly v prcenth stake in
ѧѧѧanѧnѧѧouunncѧeedѧ   tthee   ssalѧe  ofѧ ittss    nneeaarѧllyy   1  pperrcѧenntѧѧ    sttѧakѧee   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
announced the sale of its nearly 1 percent stake in
2000242
Aluminum Corporation of China Ltd . , also known as
Aluminum Corjoratiwn o China Ltd. , also knownm as
ѧAlѧѧumѧѧinѧѧumѧ   CCorѧpѧѧorrѧattiioonn   of  CChѧinѧaѧ   Lѧtdd  .  ,   alѧsѧoѧ   knѧѧowѧnѧѧ    asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Aluminum Corporation of China Ltd . , also known as
2000243
Chalco , for 2 billion . The lawyer repeatedly asked
Cuhalco , for 2 billiqmon . The lawyer repeatedly askked
ѧCCuhѧѧalѧcѧoo   ,   fforr  ѧ2ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧѧiioѧѧѧnnѧ   .   TThee   ѧlawѧyѧeerѧ   rrepѧeeaѧtѧeedѧllyy   asѧkѧѧѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Cuhalco , for 2 billion . The lawyer repeatedly asked
2000244
jurors--some of whom had wiped away tears and shook
urors--soe of wwhom haw wiped away tears and xhook
ѧurѧѧorrssѧ-ѧ--ssomee  ofѧ    wѧѧhѧom    hѧasѧ   wwipѧeedd  aawwѧayѧ    teѧarѧss   anѧdѧ    tѧѧoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
urors--some of whom has wiped away tears and took
2000245
their heads during the victims ' explicit testimony--to
their heads duqring the vicsimms 'rexplicit restiminy-to
ѧtthheeirѧ   heeaadѧss   ѧduѧѧrѧiinng    tthee   ѧvicѧtѧѧimѧѧѧss  ''   exѧpplѧѧicѧѧitt   reesѧtѧiimѧѧinѧyyѧ-ѧttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
their heads during the victims ' explicit restiminy-to
2000246
set aside their anger and disgust about Alamo 's alleged
set aside thseirr nger and ddisgust qabout zlamo 's alfeged
sѧѧett   assѧidѧee    tthheeeirѧѧ   aanggerѧ   anѧdѧ    dѧѧisѧgѧѧusѧtt    ѧabѧѧouutѧ   Alѧѧamѧoѧ   'ss   alѧlѧѧegѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
set aside their anger and disgust about Alamo 's alleged
2000247
sexual encounters . Tulsa International Airport had
sexual ncountrs . Tul knternationaxl Airport had
ssѧexѧuuaalѧ   ѧcccouunѧttrrys   .   Theeѧ   Inntteerrnnaattiioonѧѧaaѧlѧ   Aiirѧpѧѧorrtѧ   hѧadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sexual countrys . The International Airport had
2000248
no power for about 10 hours and halted flight operations
nf powher for absout 10 hours and haltedl flight oecratitns
ѧofѧ   pѧowѧѧѧeerѧ   fforr   aaѧbѧѧouutѧ  ѧ1ѧ0ѧ  hѧouurѧss   anѧdѧ   hѧalѧtѧѧedѧѧѧ   fllѧighhttѧ   ѧpecѧrrѧattiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of power for about 10 hours and halted flight pecrations
2000249
for the day , and most morning flights at Will Rogers
for the day , anp mostmmorningi flights at Will Rooews
ffѧorr   tthee   ѧdayѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   ѧmosѧtѧ  mmѧorrnѧiinnggѧ    fllѧighhttѧss   atѧ   Wѧilѧlѧ   Rѧoѧoѧeѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for the day , and most morning flights at Will Rooes
2000250
World Airport in Oklahoma City were canceled because
World Airprt inOklahoma ity wr caqncnetled because
ѧWWorrlldѧ   Aiirѧporrtt   in  Okѧlѧaahhѧomѧaѧ  Cittyѧ   wee    caѧѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧetѧtѧeedѧ   bbeccaauusѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
World Airport in Oklahoma City we canetted because
2000251
of icy runways . The downside of brand loyalty is that
of icy runwys .t vThe downside oc brandloyalty is theat
ѧofѧ   iccyѧ   rѧunѧѧѧyѧss  ...      Thhee    dowѧnnssѧidѧee   ofѧ   brrѧanѧdѧ ѧloyѧѧalѧtѧyѧ   isѧ   tthhѧaatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of icy runys . The downside of brand loyalty is that
2000252
it can drive people with so much in common apart .
it gcn drive eople yth o uuch in common atart .
ѧitѧ    canѧ   drrѧivѧee  peeopѧlleѧ  wotthh  toѧ  ѧmucchѧ   inѧ   ccomѧmѧѧonn   stѧѧarѧtѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it can drive people woth to much in common start .
2000253
Villaraigosa was re-elected to a second term on Tuesday
Vllaraigwa was rv-elected to a seond ter oqn Tueday
ѧVѧilѧlarѧaaiigѧѧѧaa   ѧwasѧ   ree--ѧellѧecѧtteedѧ   too  aa  ssecconndd   tterrm  oѧѧnѧ   TTuessddayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Villaraiga was re-elected to a second term on Tuesday
2000254
. Thousands of people were expected to gather Saturday
. Thousnds of peopll wbere exmected tyo gather Saturdoay
..   Thhѧouussannddss  ofѧ   ppeѧopѧlleѧ    wѧѧerѧeѧ   exѧpѧeecѧtѧѧedѧ   ttooo   ѧgatthheerѧ   SSatѧѧurrdddѧaayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Thousands of people were expected to gather Saturday
2000255
for the funeral of Sarfraz Naeemi , whose death in
for the funerralkof Sarfaz Nakeemiq , uhqose deah in
ffѧorr   tthee   ѧfunѧeerrѧѧaalѧѧ  ofѧ   Sѧarѧfѧaazѧ   Nѧakѧѧeѧemѧiiѧѧ   ,    whhѧoosѧeѧ   ѧdeaath   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for the funeral of Sarfaz Nakeemi , whose death in
2000256
a blast at his seminary in Lahore triggered a wave
a blast at hiows seminary in Lahoe triggeredga wave
ѧaѧ  bllѧasѧtѧ   atѧ   hhѧѧowѧss   ѧsemѧiinѧaarѧyy   inѧ   Lѧahhѧoѧe   trrѧigѧgѧѧerrѧedd   a   ѧwavѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a blast at hows seminary in Lahoe triggered a wave
2000257
of anger and revulsion toward militants in the country
ofz ankevr eand evulsilon toward militantsin the country
ѧofѧѧ    anѧkѧѧeeѧrr    aanѧdѧ   evѧѧulѧsѧѧiiioonѧ    towwѧarѧdѧ   ѧmilѧiitѧaanntѧs  inѧ   tthee   ccouunѧttrryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of anker and evulsion toward militants in the country
2000258
's cultural capital . EarthCam 's stationary , mobile
'sn cuatural cjaptal . EarathCwm 's stationary w, mobile
''ssѧ    ѧculѧttѧurѧaalѧ   ccѧѧapittaalѧ   .   EaarrѧѧtѧhѧѧCѧamѧ   'ss   sttѧattiioonnѧarѧyѧ     ,   ѧmobѧiilleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's cultural capital . EarthCam 's stationary , mobile
2000259
and TrailerCam systems , including EVDO high-speed
and TralilerCam sywemws ,k insqluding EVDO high-speed
ѧanѧdѧ   TrraalѧiilѧeerrѧCaamm   ssywѧeemѧѧѧss   ,     inѧѧccclluudѧiinngg  ѧEѧVѧDѧOѧ  hhigѧhѧ--sspѧѧeѧeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and TralilerCam sywems , including EVDO high-speed
2000260
cellular connections , are built to meet a wide range
xellular cownectionys ,bare buit to meez a wide range
cѧѧelѧlѧѧulѧaarѧ   cconѧnѧѧecѧttiioonѧѧѧss  ,,   arѧeѧ   bbuiilt   tto   ѧmeѧetѧ   a   ѧwidѧeѧ   rѧanѧgѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cellular connections , are built to meet a wide range
2000261
of terrain , weather and budget requirements . Even
of terrain ,weather ad budget requiremenxs . Even
ѧofѧ    terѧrѧaaiinn  ,,  weѧatthheerѧ   and   bbudѧgѧeett   reeqquuiirѧeemmeenntѧss   .   Evѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of terrain , weather and budget requirements . Even
2000262
without the vaccine-autism controversy , parents of
wthufthe vhaccine-autism controvershy , parents of
wwithhѧѧѧѧ  thee    vѧѧacѧcѧiinѧee--ѧauuttiisѧmѧ   cconnttrrѧovѧѧerѧsѧѧyyѧ   ,   pѧarѧeenѧtѧss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with the vaccine-autism controversy , parents of
2000263
children with autism live with a constant question
chindren wkthu autism live wxith a constant question
ѧchhѧillddrreenn   wwitthhѧ   aauѧttiisѧmѧ   ѧlivѧee    wwѧitth    a   cconѧssttaanѧtѧ   qquuesѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
children with autism live with a constant question
2000264
that no scientist or doctor has been able to answer
that no scientist vor doctor was beenfable to answer
ѧtthѧatѧ   ѧno   scciieenntѧѧisstt    forr   ѧdocѧtѧѧorѧ   ѧwass   ѧbeѧenn   abblleѧ   too   anѧsѧwѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that no scientist for doctor was been able to answer
2000265
: Why ? Obama requested 85 billion for the two wars
:hy ? Obama reested 85 billion forthe two iars
ѧ:   by  ?   Obѧaamaa   rrretesѧttѧedd  ѧ8ѧ5ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonn   ffor   thee   ttwoo   yearrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: by ? Obama retested 85 billion for the two years
2000266
, but lawmakers added almost 12 billion for additional
, but mawaxers added almost 12obiblion for addimtiknal
,,   bbutѧ   ѧmanѧaagѧeerѧss   adѧdѧѧedѧ   alѧmѧѧosttѧ  ѧ1ѧ2ѧ  bbilѧlѧiioonn   fforr   adѧdѧѧiѧttiiionnѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, but managers added almost 12 billion for additional
2000267
procurement of military weapons and equipment , foreign
projurement of milmtar eapons awd equipent , oreign
ѧprrѧojѧѧurѧeemmeenѧtѧ   ofѧ   ѧmilѧiitѧaaryy weaapѧѧonѧss   anѧdѧ   eqquuiipѧmenntt   ,  forreeiiggnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
projurement of military weapons and equipment , foreign
2000268
aid , and other programs . Several also live in Israel
aid , and otherprdograms . Seveal alsouivd hn Israsel
ѧaiѧdѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   otthheerr pprrrooggrraamѧss   .   Sѧevveeralѧ   alѧsoo  ѧѧinѧdd   ann   Isѧrѧaaѧѧeelѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
aid , and other programs . Several also ind an Israel
2000269
. This partnership allows itiBiti to deliver a known
. Thsvgpartnership allvws itBiti to deliver a known
..   Thhieѧ   ppѧarѧtѧnneerrsshhiipѧ   alѧlѧѧowѧss   it  Bѧitѧiѧ   tto    dellѧivveerr   a   knѧѧowѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Thie partnership allows it Biti to deliver a known
2000270
quantity of users on behalf of a revenue generating
iuatity jof users on behalf of a revenuetgenerltivg
ѧinulalѧiittyy    ѧofѧ   usѧeerrss   onѧ   bbehhѧalѧfѧ   ofѧ   a   rrevѧѧenѧuѧee   ggenѧeerѧѧattiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
inulality of users on behalf of a revenue generating
2000271
brand client . Mr Guttenberg will make his first speech
brand client  Mdr Guttenberg hil make his firsit speech
ѧbrrѧanѧdѧ  ccllѧieenѧtѧ  .  MMrrѧ   Gѧutѧtѧѧenѧbѧѧerѧgѧ  wwѧilѧl  ѧmakѧee   hhiss   ffirrssѧѧtѧ   sppѧeѧecchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
brand client . Mr Guttenberg will make his first speech
2000272
to parliament on Friday . Around 30 % of the cost of
to pawriamen on Friday. Arounid 3p % of the cost of
ѧtto   pѧarѧlѧiiaammeenѧt  onѧ   Frrѧiddaay  ..  Arrѧouunѧѧѧdѧ  ѧ3ѧ0ѧ  %   ofѧ   tthee   ѧcosstt   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to parliament on Friday . Around 30 % of the cost of
2000273
a newspaper operation is tied up in the faintly Victorian
a newspaper operation is tied up in the faintly Victorin
ѧa    newѧssppѧapѧeerr   opѧeerѧaattiioonѧ   isѧ   ttieedd   upѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧfaiinѧtѧllyy   Vѧicѧtѧѧorѧiianѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a newspaper operation is tied up in the faintly Victorian
2000274
industrial process of print , paper , trains , lorries
injdustral process of prinst , paper , trains ,wlorries
ѧinѧѧѧdѧѧusstrriialѧ   prroocѧeesѧss   ofѧ   prrѧinѧѧѧtѧ   ,   pѧapѧeerѧ   ,   trraaiinѧss  ,,  wѧѧorѧrѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
industrial process of print , paper , trains , worries
2000275
, shops and -- where they still exist -- paperboys
, shopys xnrd -- wnere they still gbexist -- paperboys
,,   shѧѧopѧѧѧss   ananѧdѧ   -ѧ-   wwheerreѧ   ttheeyѧ   stѧѧilѧlѧ      ѧexѧѧisѧtѧ   -ѧ-   pѧapѧeerrbbѧoyѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, shops anand -- where they still exist -- paperboys
2000276
/ girls . If the High Sheriffs could make the column
/ gislsq .nIf the High Sherifs comud make ghe column
ѧ/   ggisѧlѧssѧѧ   .   Ifѧ   tthee   HHigѧhѧ   SSheerriifѧss   ѧcouulldd   ѧmakѧee    thee   ѧcolѧѧumѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
/ gisls . If the High Sherifs could make the column
2000277
a teensy bit wider please ? ? ? That is no guarantee
a teensyk bitd wider please ? ? ? Tht is no uvaranee
ѧa   tteѧenѧssѧyѧѧ   bbitѧdѧ   ѧwidѧeerѧ   plѧeeaѧsѧee   ?   ?   ?   Thhat   iss   nno   ѧvѧѧarѧaannѧeeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a teensy bitd wider please ? ? ? That is no varane
2000278
of a recession , but it may help to explain why the
of a recbsion , but lit may help uo explaun why the
ѧofѧ   a   reecѧѧesѧsioonѧ   ,   bbutѧ    ѧitѧ    mayy   hѧelѧpѧ   ѧto   exxpplѧaainnѧ   wwhyy   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of a recession , but it may help to explain why the
2000279
Fed is expected to change course and reduce the federal
Fed is expecte to change corec and rsduce the federeal
ѧFѧedd   iss   exѧpѧѧecѧtѧeed  tto   chhѧanѧgѧee   ѧcorreeѧѧ   anѧdѧ  rreedѧѧucѧeѧ   tthee   ffedѧѧerѧѧѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fed is expected to change core and reduce the federal
2000280
funds rate next week . There are currently three crewmembers
fundsrate nerxt weeo . Thereare currently three crlenwmembers
ffѧunnddѧs ѧaatѧeѧ   nnexѧѧѧtѧ   ѧweѧekѧ   .   TTheeree aarѧee   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧllyy    thhrreѧe   crѧѧѧѧenѧѧѧmmѧemѧbѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
funds ate next week . There are currently three crenmembers
2000281
on board the space station . The bond issue is seen
on board thxe sdpaceisttdion . Thetbond isse is seen
ѧonѧ   bboѧarѧdѧ    thheee   sѧѧpѧѧacceѧѧisstaaatѧiioonѧ   .   TThee  bbѧonndѧ   isѧsuee   iss    seѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on board the spaceistation . The bond issue is seen
2000282
as a critical test of international investors ' appetite
as a citical tuest of internatonal investors ' appetite
ѧasѧ   a  ccrittiicѧaalѧ   ѧtѧѧesѧtѧ   ofѧ   inѧtteerrnѧaatiionnaalѧ   innvveesѧtѧѧorrss   '   apѧpѧѧetѧiitѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as a critical test of international investors ' appetite
2000283
for Greek paper , after a warning by Standard & Poor
frpGreek paper , eafteyla warning by Stanaaurd & Poor
forrѧ  Grrѧeѧekѧ   pѧapѧeerѧ   ,    aafѧtѧeerѧѧ  a   ѧwarѧnѧiinngѧ   byy   SStaanndaaaѧѧrѧdѧ   &ѧ  Pѧoѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for Greek paper , after a warning by Standard & Poor
2000284
's last week of another possible downgrade in a month
's last week of anither osmibledownegrade in a mofth
''sѧ   ѧlasstt   wweѧekѧ   ofѧ   annѧotthѧeerѧ   osѧmѧѧibѧllee dѧowѧnneeggrrѧadѧee   inѧ   a   ѧmonѧtthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's last week of another osmible downegrade in a month
2000285
's time . Of living in a community of comfortable homes
's ltimj . Of living i a commuanity of ckcforable homes
''s    ѧtѧѧimѧeѧ   .   Ofѧ   ѧlivѧѧinngg   in  a   ѧcomѧmѧѧuѧnnѧiittyѧ   ofѧ   ѧѧocѧfѧѧorraabblleѧ   hѧomѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's time . Of living in a community of ocforable homes
2000286
on tree-lined streets where most of the parents have
o tre-lined stretbs whhere most of the parlns have
tof  treѧe--llѧinѧeedѧ   sttreѧettѧѧss    wѧhhѧerѧeѧ    mosѧtѧ   ofѧ   tthee   pѧarѧtenѧss   hѧavѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tof tree-lined streets where most of the partens have
2000287
one , if not two college degrees ? Police have killed
onek, if not two college degree? Police hvre killed
ѧonѧeeѧ  ,,  ifѧ   ѧnotѧ    twoo   ccolѧlѧѧeggee   ѧdeggreѧeѧ  ?   Pѧolѧѧicѧeѧ   hѧarѧee   ѧkilѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
one , if not two college degree ? Police hare killed
2000288
six and arrested more than a dozen suspects including
sx and arrested more thang  dozeqn suspecxs including
sixѧ   anѧdѧ   arѧrѧѧesѧtѧeedѧ    morѧeѧ   tthѧannѧ   a  ѧdozѧeeѧnnѧ   ssusѧpѧѧecѧtѧss   inncclluudѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
six and arrested more than a dozen suspects including
2000289
a Saudi citizen , who is accused of helping finance
a Sadif xcitizen , who acs accsed f helping finance
ѧa   Saaddiifѧ    cѧѧittiizѧeenѧ   ,    whoo   aѧѧsѧ   acѧcusssedd   of  hѧelѧpѧiinngѧ   ffinѧaanncѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a Sadif citizen , who as accused of helping finance
2000290
the bombings . It is likely that the palace will used
the bombings . Ipt is lzrikeawy tak the palac will used
ѧtthee   ѧbomѧbѧѧinngѧss   .   Iѧѧtѧ   iss    ѧѧrѧѧikѧeeѧѧllyy   ttakke  tthee   ppalѧѧacѧe  ѧwilѧlѧ   usѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the bombings . It is rikely take the palace will used
2000291
by the office of Nouri al-Maliki , the Iraqi Prime
bay th office of Nouri l-Maliki , trelIrqi Prime
bѧѧayy   tthe  ofѧfѧѧicceѧ   ofѧ   Nѧouurѧii  alѧ-ѧMaalѧѧikѧii   ,   thheeѧ ѧIrѧaѧiiѧ  Prrѧimѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bay the office of Nouri al-Maliki , the Irai Prime
2000292
Minister . Actual results could differ materially from
Micnister . Acual esults ckoud differ materially frqm
ѧMMiiѧnѧiisstteerѧ   .   Acѧtuaalѧ  resѧѧulѧtѧss    cѧoouldd   ѧdifѧfѧѧerr   ѧmatѧeerriiaalѧllyy   frrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Minister . Actual results could differ materially from
2000293
those indicated by such forward-looking statements
those dicated bywwsuch forwarq-looking statements
ѧtthѧosee   eediccѧatѧeedѧ   byy    ssѧucѧhѧ   fforѧwwѧarѧdѧ--llѧoѧokѧiinngg   sttѧateeemmeenntѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
those edicated by such forward-looking statements
2000294
as a result of a variety of important factors , including
as aresqltpf a variety ofimportant factors , including
ѧasѧ  a rreesѧѧulѧtѧѧofѧ   a   ѧvarѧiieettyy   of  imѧppѧorttѧѧanѧtѧ   ffaccttѧorѧss   ,   inncclluudѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as a resultof a variety of important factors , including
2000295
that we may not receive necessary regulatory approvals
tht we may otrecee necessary regulatoryhapprovals
ѧthhat   ѧwe    mayy   otѧrrѧecѧѧѧѧe   ѧnecѧѧesѧsѧѧarѧyy   rregѧѧulѧaattѧorѧyѧ  aapѧpprrѧovѧѧalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that we may otrece necessary regulatory approvals
2000296
to market our RenalGuard product or that such approvals
vo mzarket our Renaluard pyrodjct or that such pprovals
tѧѧoѧ   mѧѧarѧkѧeetѧ   ouurѧ   Reenѧaalѧѧѧѧarѧdѧ    pprroodѧѧucctѧ   orѧ    thѧatѧ   ssucѧhh  aapѧprѧovѧѧalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to market our Renalard product or that such approvals
2000297
may be withdrawn , we may be unable to raise sufficient
may bem witdrawn , we ma be nable to raie sufxficient
mmѧayy   beeѧ    wwithhdrrѧawѧnѧ   ,   wwe   ѧmay  bbe  unaabblleѧ   tto   rraiѧse   ѧsuѧѧfѧfѧѧicѧiѧѧenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
may be withdrawn , we may be unable to raise sufficient
2000298
funds in the future to implement our business plan
fcpts in the uture cto implement our hbusiness plan
ѧѧѧocѧttss   inѧ   tthee  futtѧurѧeѧ    ttoo   imѧpplleemmeenѧtѧ   ouurѧ    bbѧussiinneesѧss   pllaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
octs in the future to implement our business plan
2000299
and / or commence our planned U.S. clinical trial for
and / xar ommece oul plannedt .S. clinical trial fjr
ѧanѧdѧ   /    aarѧ  comѧmѧѧerѧee  wouulѧd  pllѧanѧnѧeedѧ    U..S..   cllѧinѧiicѧaalѧ   trriiaalѧ   fforѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and / ar commere would planned U.S. clinical trial for
2000300
RenalGuard , the current clinical trial in Italy and
Renaleuard , the curwent clivical trial in Ittalygand
ѧRѧenѧaalѧѧѧguѧarѧdѧ   ,    thee   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧ   clѧѧinѧiicѧaalѧ   trriiaalѧ   inѧ   Itѧѧѧaallyyѧ ѧanѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Renalguard , the current clinical trial in Italy and
2000301
the planned future U.S. clinical trial for RenalGuard
the planned future U.S. dlinical triqal for RenalGuard
ѧtthee   pllѧanѧnѧeedѧ   ffuttѧurѧeѧ   U..ѧS..   cllѧinѧiicѧaalѧ   trrѧiiѧaalѧ   fforr   RѧenѧaѧlѧѧGGuѧarrdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the planned future U.S. clinical trial for RenalGuard
2000302
as a safe and effective prevention device for contrast
ys a sfe and effenctive prevention device for contraszt
ѧisѧ   a  safѧeeѧ  anѧd    efѧfѧѧeѧѧcѧttiivveѧ   prreevѧѧenѧttiioonѧ    devѧѧicѧeѧ   fforr    conѧttrrѧasѧѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is a safe and effective prevention device for contrast
2000303
induced nephropathy may not be completed in a timely
nvduced nephropathy may not be copcleted in a timelvy
ѧrnodѧѧucѧeedѧ   ѧnepѧhѧrroopѧaatthѧyy    mayy   ѧnotѧ   bee   ccomѧpѧlѧѧetteedѧ   inѧ   a    timѧeelllѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rnoduced nephropathy may not be completed in a timely
2000304
fashion , if at all , or , if these clinical trials
faxshon ,if a all i,ior , if these clinical trials
fѧѧaѧѧssѧѧoonn  ,, ifѧ   an falѧlѧ    ,,  oorr   ,   ifѧ    thѧeseeѧ   cllѧinѧiicѧaalѧ   trriiaalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fason , if an fall , or , if these clinical trials
2000305
are completed , they may not produce clinically significant
e mpletd , they may oa produce clinically sgnificant
bee  implleeѧedѧ   ,    theeyѧ   ѧmayy   oѧѧ   prrrodѧѧucceѧ   cllѧinѧiicѧaalѧllyy  signnѧiifѧiicѧѧanntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
be impleed , they may o produce clinically significant
2000306
or meaningful results , the RenalGuard product may
or meaningful reults , the xRenalGuard proouct may
ѧorѧ    meaanѧiinngѧffuulѧ   reѧsulѧtѧss   ,    thee    ѧRѧenѧaal ѧGGuѧarrdѧ   prrѧodѧѧucctѧ    mayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or meaningful results , the Renal Guard product may
2000307
not be commercially accepted , operational changes
not xbe commerncially abcepted , operational chanqges
nѧѧotѧ    bbee    comѧmѧeerrѧcciiѧaalѧllyy   acѧcѧѧepptteedѧ   ,   opѧeerѧaattiioonѧaalѧ   chhѧanѧѧѧggeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
not be commercially accepted , operational changes
2000308
, competitive developments may affect the market for
, competitivl deveqlopents may ffect tced market for
,,   ccomѧpѧѧetѧiitѧѧivѧeѧ   ѧdevvѧeѧѧlѧѧopmmennttss    mayy   afѧfecѧtѧ   ttheeѧ    ѧmarѧkѧeetѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, competitive developments may affect the market for
2000309
our products , regulatory approval requirements may
our prodncts s, regulatory apgpnovnl requifrements may
ѧouurѧ   prroodѧѧucctѧss     ,   rregѧѧulѧaattѧorѧyѧ   aѧѧpѧpѧrѧѧovѧѧalѧ   reeqquuiiiѧrѧeemmeenѧtѧsѧ    mayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
our products , regulatory approval requirements may
2000310
affect the market for our products , and additional
affct the emarket for our products ,and andaitional
ѧafѧfecctt    thee   ѧmmѧarѧkѧeetѧ   fforr   ouurѧ   prrrodѧѧucctѧss  ,, anѧdѧ   anѧddѧѧdittiioonѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
affect the market for our products , and andditional
2000311
risk factors described in the " Forward Looking Statements
risk factors describedt idn the " Forrwatd Looking Statkements
ѧrѧisѧkѧ   ffaccttѧorѧss    dessѧcrrѧibѧeedѧ     iѧnnѧ   tthee   "   Fѧorrrѧwѧѧarѧdѧ   Lѧoѧokѧѧinngѧ   SStѧatѧѧeeѧmmeenѧtѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
risk factors described in the " Forward Looking Statements
2000312
" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
" secetiog of our Annuazs Repot on Form 10-K for the
ѧ"   ssecѧѧettiiionѧ   ofѧ   ouurѧ   Anѧnѧuuaalѧsѧ   Reepѧѧortt  onѧ   Fѧorrmѧ  11ѧ0--ѧKѧ  fforr   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" secetion of our Annuals Report on Form 10-K for the
2000313
year ended December 31 , 2008 , and our other SEC reports
year endedg ecember 3v ,2008 , and our otheer SEC reporxt
yѧѧeaarѧ   enѧdѧѧedѧ    Decceemѧbѧeerr  ѧ3ѧѧ  ,, 2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8ѧ  ,   anѧdѧ   ouurѧ   otthhѧeerr    SѧEѧCѧ  rrepѧѧorrѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
year ended December 3 , 2008 , and our other SEC report
2000314
. Two men have been charged in connection with the
. qTwo en yhave been czkrge in connection with be
..     TTwoo  mennn    hhavѧeѧ   ѧbeѧenn   chѧѧurѧgѧeed  inѧ    conѧnѧѧecѧttiioonѧ   wwitth    ѧheѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Two men have been churged in connection with he
2000315
death of a man found unconscious in an alleyway in
death of a man found unsocscious n an alleywmay in
dѧѧeaatthѧ   ofѧ   a   mmann   ѧfouunѧdѧ   unѧsѧѧocѧѧѧcѧiioouusѧ   in  anѧ   alѧlѧѧeyyѧ wѧѧayy   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
death of a man found unsoccious in an alley way in
2000316
Norfolk . The case is being prosecuted by Assistant
Norfolk . The case iu bbeing prosepcuted by Assistant
ѧNѧorrffѧolѧkѧ   .   TThee   ccasseѧ   isѧ    bbeeѧinngg   pprrossѧeeecuuutteedѧ   by    Asѧsѧѧisѧtѧѧanntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Norfolk . The case is being prosecuted by Assistant
2000317
U.S. Attorney Stephen Green of the U.S. Attorney 's
U.Sw.p Attorney Sephen Green of the U.g. Attorney 's
ѧUU.ѧSѧ....    Atѧtѧѧorrnѧeeyѧ   Stepѧhѧeenѧ   Grrѧeѧenѧ   ofѧ   tthee   U..ѧS...  Atѧtѧѧorrnѧeeyy   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
U.S. Attorney Stephen Green of the U.S. Attorney 's
2000318
Office in Syracuse . " I expect the transfer of power
Ofuice igSyracuse . " gI expectthe transfar of power
ѧOfѧfѧѧicѧeѧ   in  Sѧyrѧaacѧuusѧeѧ   .   "     I   exѧpѧѧecѧtѧ  thee   trrѧanѧssfѧѧerr   ofѧ   pѧowѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Office in Syracuse . " I expect the transfer of power
2000319
will be smooth while Kim Jong-il is alive . If nothing
wihl be smooth while Kim Jongtil is alive . If nothink
wwѧilѧlѧ   bbe   smѧѧoѧotѧhѧ    whѧilѧeѧ   Kiimѧ   Jѧonngѧѧѧiilѧ   iss  aallѧivѧee   .   Ifѧ   nnottthѧinѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will be smooth while Kim Jongil is alive . If nothink
2000320
else , it would brighten an otherwise drab scene .
else , it ou brhewn an otherwisedrab scene .
ѧelѧssee   ,   itѧ  youѧѧ  beeѧeѧewenn   anѧy  otthheerrwwiisѧee  drѧabѧ  sscceenѧee   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
else , it you beeewen any otherwise drab scene .
2000321
And I 've enjoyed every minute . The euro jumped 2.9
Aqnzd I 've ejjoyedt every minutex. Trhe euro juned 2.9
ѧAѧѧnnѧѧdѧ   I  ''vѧeѧ   enѧjѧѧoyѧѧeddѧ    evveerryy   mminѧuutѧee   ..  TThheee   euurѧoѧ   ѧounѧnedѧ  ѧ2ѧ.ѧ9ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
And I 've enjoyed every minute . The euro ounned 2.9
2000322
percent against the yen to 129.86 yen . For example
pelcent againt the yen to m129.86 hen  Forc exampl
ѧpeerѧcceenntѧ   agѧaaiinnstt  tthee   ѧyenn   tto    ѧ1ѧ2ѧ9..ѧ8ѧ6  whѧenѧ  .  Fѧorrcѧ   exѧѧamѧppleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
percent against the yen to 129.86 when . Forc example
2000323
, if The Daily Telegraph has revealed anything fundamental
, if Thd Dail Teegraph has revealed anythigufundamental
,,   ifѧ   TThee   Dѧaiilly  Teeleggrraaphhѧ   hѧasѧ   rrevѧeeaѧlѧeedѧ   annyytthhiingg  ffunѧdѧѧammeenttѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, if The Daily Telegraph has revealed anything fundamental
2000324
about our political masters , it is the woeful lack
about our politbscal mastersnu, it is tpe woeful lack
ѧabbѧouutѧ   ouurѧ   ppolѧѧitѧѧiѧicѧaalѧ   ѧmasѧtѧeerrssѧ   ,,,  itѧ   iss   tthee   ѧwoѧefffulѧ   ѧlacѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about our politiical masters , it is the woeful lack
2000325
of that character building , which leads us to behave
of tat character wbuilding , wihich fleads u po bzehave
ѧofѧ   thatѧ   chhaarѧѧacѧtѧeerѧ    bbѧuiilѧdѧiinngѧ   ,    wwѧhѧicѧhѧ   flѧѧeaadѧss   up  tto    bѧeehhѧavѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of that character building , which fleads up to behave
2000326
with integrity and put service to the nation before
with integrirtd and putswcvcce to the nation before
wwѧitth    inѧtѧeeggrrѧiiѧteyѧ   anѧdѧ   pѧuttssѧѧcѧѧaѧccѧee   tto   tthee   ѧnattiioonѧ   bbeffѧorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with integritey and putscace to the nation before
2000327
self . The debate over the regulatory package , which
self .pTve dbaeeover the regulatory pachkage , whlih
ssѧelѧfѧ   .   TThee   ѧdѧѧateѧe ovveerѧ   tthee   rregѧѧulѧaattѧorѧyѧ   pѧaccѧѧkѧѧagѧeѧ   ,    whhѧiichhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
self . The datee over the regulatory package , which
2000328
includes new executive powers and a new government
includes nuw eecutive poewersh and a new govrnment
ѧinncclluudѧeesѧ   nnowѧ  eexeccuuttѧivveѧ   pѧowѧѧѧѧerrssѧ    anѧdѧ   a   ѧnewѧ   ѧgoveernnmmmenntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
includes now executive powers and a new government
2000329
regulatory agency , began even before its official
regpulatory agencyy , bregan even beforl ts official
ѧrѧegѧѧѧѧulѧaattѧorѧyѧ   aggѧenncѧyyyѧ   ,   bbѧeegѧaanѧ   evѧeenѧ    beffѧoree    its   ofѧfѧѧicciiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
regulatory agency , began even before its official
2000330
rollout today . Work has begun on the Armed Forces
rollout today . Wozk has begdn on thde Aredr bForces
ѧrѧolѧlѧѧouutѧ   ttoddѧayѧ   .   WWorѧkѧ   hѧasѧ   bbeggѧunn   onѧ   tthheee   Arѧeeѧdrѧ    ѧFѧorrcѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rollout today . Work has begun on the Aredr Forces
2000331
Memorial to update the names of servicemen and women
Memorial to uzdatte the names ofservicefmen and women
ѧMMemѧѧorriiaalѧ   tto   upѧdѧѧattteee   tthee   ѧnamѧeess   of  sserѧvvѧicѧeѧѧ mmѧenѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧwommѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Memorial to update the names of service men and women
2000332
killed on duty or in terrorist attacks during 2008
killed on dut o ian terrorit attacks during 208
kѧѧilѧlѧeedѧ   onn   ѧouttt to   aaanѧ   tterѧrѧѧorrѧistt  atѧtѧѧacѧkѧss    durѧiinng   20ѧ0ѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
killed on out to an terrorist attacks during 2008
2000333
. American University Law Professor Chris Simpson ,
. American Ueiversity Liw Prokejsorhris Sinpsn ,
..   Amѧeerriicѧaanѧ   Unniivѧeerrsѧѧittyy   Liiwe   Prrrofѧeesѧsѧѧorѧѧhrriiss   Siinѧpѧsonn   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. American University Liwe Professorhris Sinpson ,
2000334
an expert in Internet and privacy law , said there
an expwer in Interne and piqvacw law  said there
ѧanѧ   exѧpoѧѧѧerr   inѧ   Inѧtteerrnѧeet  anѧdѧ   pѧiѧѧvѧѧacѧeѧ   llawѧ  ,   saiѧdѧ    theerreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an expoer in Internet and pivace law , said there
2000335
is no expectation of privacy when it comes to social
is ino expectatioe of privacyswydn it comes o soial
ѧisѧ   innto   exѧppѧecѧtѧaattiioѧnѧ   ofѧ   prrrivѧѧacѧyyѧ  wѧhѧenѧ   itѧ   ѧcomѧeess  to   ssociialѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is into expectation of privacy when it comes to social
2000336
networking Web sites . For the fourth quarter , analysts
nejtoraking We sites  For che fourth quarter , aynalysts
nѧѧetѧtѧѧoѧrѧakkѧinngѧ   WWeb   sitѧeess  .  Fѧorr    thee    fouurrtthѧ   qquaarѧtѧeerr   ,   aaѧnѧaallѧysѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
nettoraking Web sites . For the fourth quarter , analysts
2000337
expect the market to grow 11.6 percent from the third
expmecpt the market to gow 11.6 percqent from the third
ѧexxѧppѧѧecѧѧѧtѧ   tthee   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧ   tto   growѧ   1ѧ1...6ѧ  pperrѧccѧeenntѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   tthѧirѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
expect the market to grow 11.6 percent from the third
2000338
quarter , less than top phone maker Nokia 's expectation
buater , less than top phone mker Nokia 's nhxpectation
ѧѧѧuaattterr   ,   ѧlesѧsѧ   tthѧanѧ   ttopѧ   phhѧonѧeѧ  makkeerѧ   Nѧokѧiiaa   'ss   ѧѧexѧppѧecѧtѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
uater , less than top phone maker Nokia 's expectation
2000339
of 13.5 percent . Also spotted : David and Lucy Tang
of 13f5 perceobnt . Also spottend : Davidand Lucy Tang
ѧofѧ  ѧ1ѧ3ѧѧѧ5ѧ  pperrccceeennnѧtѧ   .   Alѧsooѧ   spѧѧotѧtѧѧeeѧdѧ   :   DDavѧiidѧ anndѧ   Lѧuccyy   TTanѧgѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of 135 percent . Also spotted : David and Lucy Tang
2000340
, Kristin Scott Thomas , the violinist Vanessa Mae
, Kristin Scettd Thoms , the violinist VanessacMaxe
,,   Krrѧisѧtѧiinѧ   SScѧetѧteѧѧ   TThѧomaas   ,    thee   ѧvioѧllѧinѧѧisstѧ   Vaannѧesѧsѧaac ѧMMaxѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Kristin Scette Thomas , the violinist Vanessac Maxe
2000341
, Elle Macpherson showing rather too much cleavage
, Elle Mcherson showing rathenr too much clegviage
,,   Elѧlѧee   Michѧѧerѧssѧonn   shhѧowѧѧinngѧ   rѧatthѧeeerrѧ   ttoѧo   ѧmucѧhѧ   clѧѧegѧvѧiiaagѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Elle Micherson showing rather too much clegviage
2000342
, Sol and Heather Kerzner , Yasmin Le Bon and her daughter
, Sol and eeather Kerznyer , Yasmin Le Byon and her daugohter
,,   Sѧolѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧeeaatthѧeerѧ   Kѧerѧѧѧnѧyѧeerѧ   ,   Yѧasѧmѧѧinѧ   Lѧeѧ  Byyѧonn   anѧdѧ   heerѧ   ѧdauugghhhѧtѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Sol and eather Kernyer , Yasmin Le Byon and her daughter
2000343
Amber , Allegra Hicks , Malin and Tim Jeffries , Lisa
rAvmber , Alldra Hicks , Malin and Tim Jefriesoi, Linsa
ѧѧѧAѧѧmѧbѧeerѧ   ,   Alѧlѧѧdrѧaa   Hѧicѧkѧss   ,   Maalliinѧ   anѧdѧ   TTimѧ   Jeeѧѧrѧiieessѧѧ   ,,  Lѧinѧsѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Amber , Alldra Hicks , Malin and Tim Jeries , Linsa
2000344
Bilton , Jacquetta Wheeler , Nicky Haslam , who is
Bilton , Jacquettaz Weeler , Niscky Haslagm , who is
ѧBѧilѧttѧonn   ,   Jѧacѧqquѧѧetѧtѧѧaѧѧ   Wѧeѧelѧѧerѧ   ,   Nѧisѧcѧkkyѧ   Hѧasѧlѧѧaѧѧѧѧ   ,   wwhoo   issѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Bilton , Jacquetta Weeler , Niscky Hasla , who is
2000345
looking forward to the publication of his autobiography
looking forward mju the publication o his autbiography
llѧoѧokѧѧinngѧ   fforrwwѧarѧdѧ    ѧouѧ   tthee   ppubblliicѧѧattiioonѧ   of  hhiss   auѧttѧѧiiooggrrѧapphѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
looking forward ou the publication of his autiography
2000346
in November , Astrid Munoz , Sally Albermarle , Tanya
in Novembe , AstridiMunoz , Slly Albermarle , Tanya
ѧinѧ   Nѧovѧeemmbeerr  ,   Assttrrѧidѧѧ  Mѧunnoozѧ   ,   Sѧelѧly   Alѧbѧѧerѧmѧѧarѧlѧee   ,   TTanѧyѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in November , Astrid Munoz , Selly Albermarle , Tanya
2000347
Bryer , Harrods ' Marigay McKee and Harvey Nichols
Bryer , Harrods v jaorigzy McKee adnd gHarvey Nichol
ѧBrryyѧerѧ   ,   Hѧarѧrѧѧoddsѧ   ,   ѧjaѧorrѧigѧѧѧyѧ   MMcѧKѧeѧee  aaѧnѧdѧ    ѧHѧarѧvѧѧeyѧ   Nѧicchhѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Bryer , Harrods , jaorigy McKee and Harvey Nichol
2000348
' Averyl Oates . Its report details wide variations
a veryl Oatel . Its reportc detailt wide variations
ѧa   ѧverryyѧѧ   Oѧѧtѧѧelѧ   .   Ittss   reepѧѧorrtѧs     dettaaiѧlѧsѧ   wwidѧee   ѧvarѧiiaattiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a very Otel . Its reports details wide variations
2000349
in officer numbers and schemes designed to make forces
in officer numbers and schemes design to make forces
ѧinѧ   ofѧfѧѧicceerѧ   ѧnumѧbѧeerrss   anѧdѧ   sschhѧemѧeess    desѧѧignnѧ   tto   ѧmakѧeѧ    forrcѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in officer numbers and schemes design to make forces
2000350
more efficient . Last month non-urgent surgical operations
mopre effickient . ast month non-urgent sulrgical operatfns
mѧѧoѧrrѧee   efѧfѧѧiccѧiiѧeenѧtѧ  ..  Lasѧtѧ   mmonѧthhѧ   ѧnonѧ--ѧurѧgѧѧenѧtѧ   ssuѧѧrѧgѧѧicѧaalѧ   opѧeerѧaattionѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
more efficient . Last month non-urgent surgical operations
2000351
were halted at the Royal Cornwall Hospital to ease
jere salted atjthe Ryoyal Cornwall Hospital to eape
wѧѧerree   ssalѧtѧѧedѧ   atѧ   tthee   Rѧѧѧoyѧaalѧ   CCorrnѧwѧѧalѧlѧ   HHosѧpѧiitѧaalѧ   tto   eѧapѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were salted at the Royal Cornwall Hospital to eape
2000352
the pressure on services caused by the virus . A :
the pressufe on services caused by the virus o A w:
ѧtthee   prrѧesѧsѧѧurѧee   onѧ   sserrvvѧicѧeѧss   ccauѧsѧeedѧ   byy   tthee   ѧvirѧuuss   .   Aѧ    :ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the pressure on services caused by the virus . A :
2000353
No chance . Huckabee , greeting voters at a polling
No cdsance . uckabee , greeting vojerr at a polling
ѧNѧo   cѧѧѧѧtanѧcѧeѧ   .  Bucѧkѧѧabѧѧeѧe   ,   grreeѧetѧiinngѧ   ѧvotѧѧerrsѧ   atѧ   a   pѧolѧlѧѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
No ctance . Buckabee , greeting voters at a polling
2000354
place in South Carolina , said he was worried about
place in Soeth Carmlina , sai pe was worried about
ѧpllѧacѧeѧ   inѧ   Sѧouѧthhh   Caarrѧolѧiinѧaa   ,   ssaiѧd  ѧhe    wasѧ   ѧworѧrѧiieedѧ   abbѧouutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
place in South Carolina , said he was worried about
2000355
turnout in the more conservative upstate regions due
turnon i thm more crndervative spsftate regions due
ѧtturѧnѧѧonn   in  tthee   ѧmorѧeѧ   cconѧsѧeerѧvѧѧattiivѧeѧ   sѧѧѧѧѧѧtѧѧatѧeѧ   rѧegѧiioonnss   ѧdueeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
turnon in the more conservative state regions due
2000356
to the weather . On my second day , I managed the uphill
to the weatgher . O nmy secod day , I mnaged the uphbile
ѧtto   tthee   wweaaѧthhhѧeerѧ   .   On   mmyy    secѧѧondd  ѧdayѧ   ,   I  manѧaagѧeedd   tthee   upphѧbѧѧilѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to the weather . On my second day , I managed the uphbile
2000357
walk to a waterfall called Vodopad Skok , a couple
walk to a kwaterfalllcaoled Voopad Skok , aq czouple
wѧѧalѧkѧ   tto   a    wѧѧatteerѧffѧalѧlѧѧ ccѧalѧlѧeedѧ   Vѧoѧopѧѧadd   Sѧkѧoѧk   ,   aѧѧ    cѧѧouѧpѧlleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
walk to a waterfall called Voopad Skok , a couple
2000358
of hours from the hotel . The John Madejski Academy
of hours frun ohe hotwel. The John Madejski Academy
ѧofѧ   hѧouurѧss    rrѧunѧ   tthee   hѧottѧѧeelѧ  .  TThee   Joohnnn   MMaddeeѧѧsskkii   Acѧѧadѧeemѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of hours run the hotel . The John Madeski Academy
2000359
, an independent state school , is on a list of 638
,nan hundependent state schol , i onb a lst of 63t8
,,   anѧ    ѧunѧdѧѧeppeenѧdѧѧenѧtѧ   sttѧatѧee   scchoѧolѧ   ,   is  onnѧ    a  lisstt   ofѧ  ѧ6ѧ3ѧѧѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, an undependent state school , is on a list of 638
2000360
schools told by the government to improve its GSCE
schools yold buy the govenment to improsve its GSCE
ѧscchhѧoѧolѧss   ѧwouldd   bbuyѧ   tthee    govveernnmmenntѧ   ttoѧ  imѧpprѧѧovѧveeѧ   ittss   GѧSѧCѧEѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
schools would buy the government to improvve its GSCE
2000361
exam results . Judicial philosophy ? ! ( Finally got
exam resuflts.iJudicial philosophy ? ! ( Fintlly oqot
ѧexѧѧamѧ   reesѧѧuuѧlѧtѧs  ..  JJudѧiicѧiiaalѧ   phhѧilѧѧosѧoopphѧyy   ?   !   (   Fѧinѧaalѧllyy   ѧѧѧѧottѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
exam results . Judicial philosophy ? ! ( Finally ot
2000362
one : Next season will be as unfunny as this one !
ne : Nexs seasoa willbe as unfunnyuaas this one !
onneѧ  :   Nѧexѧts   sseaasѧѧonѧ    wilѧl  bbe   asѧ   unѧfѧѧunѧnѧyѧѧѧѧ  asѧ   tthѧisѧ   onѧeѧ   !ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
one : Nexts season will be as unfunny as this one !
2000363
) Show officials have also urged drivers to co-operate
) Shw offinalsbhave jlso urged fivers to co-operate
ѧ)   Showѧ   ofѧfѧѧicѧaalѧss   hhavѧeѧ   allssoo   urѧgѧeedѧ   ѧfivѧeerѧss   tto   cco--ѧoppeerraatѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
) Show officals have also urged fivers to co-operate
2000364
with traffic marshals . After criticism from Real ,
with traffic marshals . Aftera diticsm from Real ,
wwѧitthѧ   trrѧafѧfѧiicѧ   ѧmarѧsѧhѧaalѧss   .   Afѧtѧeerr a  dddittiiciѧsmѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Reeaalѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with traffic marshals . After a diticism from Real ,
2000365
Mancini , who backed away from the deal after being
Mansini o, who backe awa frxmthe deal aftytr being
ѧMManѧsѧѧinѧiѧ     ,,   whoo   bbacѧkѧeed  awwѧay  ffrromѧ  thee   ѧdeaalѧ   afѧtѧѧeerrѧ   bbeѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mansini , who backed away from the deal after being
2000366
quoted 25 million just before the window closed , has
lqotev 25 million just before theh window yclosedd , hats
ѧѧlѧѧotteeѧ   22ѧ5ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧ   ѧjusѧtѧ   bbeffѧorѧeѧ   ttheee    ѧwinѧdѧѧowѧ    cclѧѧosѧeedѧѧ    ,   hѧaѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lote 25 million just before the window closed , has
2000367
defended how City conducted their attempts to sign
dexfendded hopnCity aonducted tir attempt to sign
dѧѧefѧѧѧѧenѧdѧѧѧeedѧ   hѧopѧѧ  CCittyy   cconѧdѧѧucѧtѧѧedѧ   theiѧ   atѧtѧѧemppptѧ   tto   ssiggnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
defended hop City conducted thei attempt to sign
2000368
Gago and has also revealed his frustration at missing
Gago nd has calsosrevealed his frustration at misinwg
ѧGaagѧoѧ   and   hѧasѧ    aalѧsѧoѧ   rrevѧeeaѧlѧeedѧ   hhisѧ   frrѧussttrraattiioonѧ   atѧ   ѧmisѧsiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Gago and has also revealed his frustration at missing
2000369
out on a work permit for McDonald Mariga , the Kenya
out on a wovyk perhmit fr McDonld Mariga , lhe Kenya
ѧouutѧ   onѧ  aa   ѧworѧѧѧkѧ   pperrѧѧmѧiisѧ  forѧ   MMcѧDoonѧalld   MMarѧiigѧaa   ,    thee   Kѧenѧyѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
out on a work permis for McDonald Mariga , the Kenya
2000370
midfield player , on Monday . That 's similar to the
midfieled playerwz, on Mondar .aThat 's similar to jmthe
mѧѧiddffѧiѧelѧdѧdѧ   pllѧayѧѧerrѧѧ   ,   onѧ   Mѧonnddѧayѧ   .   TThhatѧ   'ss    simѧiilѧѧarѧ   tto    ѧѧtthheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
midfieldd player , on Monday . That 's similar to the
2000371
levels of the late 1980s and early 1990s . This country
levels ol they late 198s and early 1c90s  This country
llѧevѧeelѧss   ofѧ    theeeѧ   ѧlatѧee  11ѧ9ѧ8ѧ0s  anѧdѧ   eearrllyy  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ0ss  .  TThhisѧ   ccouunѧttrryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
levels of the late 1980s and early 1990s . This country
2000372
elected George Bush twice . So the entitlement issue
eletted Georeeush twie . uSo th entitlement isue
ѧelleecѧtѧeedѧ   Gѧeѧorrgeeѧѧusѧhѧ   twwѧice   .     Sѧo   thhe  enѧtѧѧitѧlleemmeenѧtѧ   isѧsueeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
elected Georgeush twice . So the entitlement issue
2000373
that Susan mentioned is really a very important one
that Susan mentnoned isa really a verc importalnt one
ѧtthѧatѧ   Suusѧѧanѧ   ѧmenntѧiioonneedѧ   isѧ     reeaalѧllyy   a   ѧverryy   imѧppѧorttѧѧannnѧtѧ   onѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that Susan mentioned is really a very important one
2000374
. Romania has also come in for criticism , the Commission
. Romani as jls come pin xor criticism , nthe Commissioln
..   Rѧommѧanѧiѧ   ass   allso   ccomѧee    ѧinn    forr   crrѧittiicѧiissmѧ   ,     tthee   CComѧmѧѧisѧsѧiioonnnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Romani as also come in for criticism , the Commission
2000375
finding that the government lacked the political will
fiindinbj that he government lacked the political wil
ѧffѧѧinѧdѧiinngѧѧѧ    thѧatѧ  thee   ѧgovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧ   ѧlacѧkѧeedѧ   tthee   ppolѧiitѧiicѧaalѧ   wwilѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
finding that the government lacked the political will
2000376
to stamp out corruption . Even with well-bred expensive
to stamp outncanrruption. Even with well-bred expensie
ѧtto   stѧѧamѧpѧ   ouutѧ  ccѧaѧѧrѧrѧѧuppttiioon  ..  Evѧeenѧ   wwitthѧ   ѧwelѧlѧ--bbrrѧedd   exѧpѧeenѧsѧiiveeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to stamp out carruption . Even with well-bred expensive
2000377
horses , if there 's no success on the race track ,
orses , if tperue 'sgpo success on the race rackk,
horrsѧeess   ,   ifѧ    thѧerrѧeeѧ   'ss  nѧoo   ssucѧcѧѧesѧss   onѧ   tthee   rѧacѧeѧ   rѧacѧkѧѧ  ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
horses , if there 's no success on the race rack ,
2000378
the owner is usually all too ready to cut his or her
te olnerzis usually al too ready to cur his or her
ѧthe   olѧnѧѧerѧ  ѧiss   usѧuѧaalѧllyy   alѧl   toѧo   reeaadѧyy   tto   ѧcurѧ   hѧisѧ   orr   heerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the olner is usually all too ready to cur his or her
2000379
losses and let the horse be claimed away . Experts
logssesy and letth horse be claimed azway . Expets
lѧѧoѧѧsѧsѧeesssѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧletѧtthh   hѧorѧsѧeѧ   bbe   cllѧaiѧmѧeedѧ   aѧѧwwѧayѧ   .   Exxppѧertssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
losses and letth horse be claimed away . Experts
2000380
says that trees help contain carbon that accumulates
saysthat trees helrp ontain carbon that accumtulades
sѧѧayѧs   thhatѧ   trrѧeѧess   hѧelѧpѧѧ   connttaaiinѧ   ѧcarѧbѧѧonѧ    thѧatѧ   acѧcѧѧumѧѧtѧulѧaatѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
says that trees help contain carbon that accumtulates
2000381
the heat-trapping gases blamed for climate change .
the heat-tgraptpingf gase blavd fhr climate chage .
ѧtthee   hѧeaatt--ѧѧtѧrrѧapѧtѧѧѧiinngѧѧ    ggasѧee   bllѧanѧed   fforr   cllѧimѧѧatѧee   chhaangge   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the heat-trapting gase blaned for climate change .
2000382
Mem E.Williams 19 pass from Hankins ( Mack kick ) ,
Mem E.Williams 19 kass froa Hkankins (r Mackv kick ) ,
ѧMMemѧ   E..ѧWWilѧlѧiiaamѧss   1ѧ9ѧ  ѧpasѧss   ffrѧomѧ   Hѧѧѧanѧkѧѧinѧss   (     MMacѧkѧѧѧ   ѧkicѧkѧ   )   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mem E.Williams 19 pass from Hankins ( Mack kick ) ,
2000383
: 52 . She was a bit sceptical about the idea at first
: 52 . She was a bit sptical about the idea at frsz
ѧ:  ѧ5ѧ2ѧ  .   SShee    wasѧ   a   ѧbitѧ  sspppѧiicѧaalѧ   abbѧouutѧ   tthee   idѧeeaѧ   atѧ  firrsѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: 52 . She was a bit spical about the idea at first
2000384
but did come around . None of the men , among 12 seized
butb did come around . Non lf the men ,among 12i sexqed
ѧbѧutѧѧ    ddidѧ   ѧcomѧee   arroouunѧdѧ   .   Nѧowѧ   ofѧ   tthee   ѧmenn  ,  amѧѧonngѧ  ѧ1ѧ2ѧѧ   sseѧѧzѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
but did come around . Now of the men , among 12 sezed
2000385
by police in raids across the North West of England
by dolice in raids acrose the worth West of Englnd
ѧbyy   ѧpolѧѧicѧeѧ   inѧ   rѧaiidѧss   acѧrѧѧosѧsѧ   tthee   ѧNorѧtthѧ   WWesstѧ   ofѧ   Enngllannddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by police in raids across the North West of England
2000386
in April , has been charged with any criminal offences
n Aprl , hjs been charcgued wh any criminal offencrs
iѧn  Apѧrillѧ  ,   hѧasѧ   bbeѧenn   chѧaarѧѧѧgѧѧѧeedd  wwith  anѧyѧ   crrѧimѧiinѧaalѧ   ofѧfѧѧenѧceeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in April , has been charged with any criminal offences
2000387
. The Sandinistas were voted out of office in 1990
. The Sadinisgas were voted out pf office in 199w0
..   TThee   Saaddiinѧѧisѧgѧaass   wwerree   ѧvotteedѧ   ouutѧ   ofѧ   ofѧfѧѧicceѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧѧѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The Sadinisgas were voted out of office in 1990
2000388
but Ortega returned to power in a 2006 election . They
but Obeega returnsd to pojwer rn a 2006i election . ghey
ѧbѧutѧ   Obѧѧeeѧgѧaa   reettѧurѧnѧѧed    tto   pѧowѧѧѧeerѧ   inѧ   a   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6ѧ    elѧѧecѧttiioonѧ   .   ѧTheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
but Obega returned to power in a 2006 election . They
2000389
found the relative stroke risk rose 1 percent for each
found the relbative strokrisk rtosem 1 percent fors each
fѧѧouunѧdѧ   tthee   rѧeelѧѧѧattiivѧeѧ   sttrѧѧokѧѧrѧisѧkѧ    ttoossѧeѧѧ  ѧ1ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ    forrѧ    eaacѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
found the relative strokrisk tose 1 percent for each
2000390
fast-food restaurant in a neighborhood . According
fast-frood reskarrant in a neitghborhood . Accordicg
fѧѧasstѧ--ѧffѧѧoѧodѧ   reeesѧѧѧarѧrѧѧanѧtѧ   inѧ   a   ѧneeiiѧgѧhѧbѧoorrhhhoѧodѧ   .   Acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fast-food resarrant in a neighborhood . According
2000391
to Mr. Little , solidThinking 's parent company , Altair
to Mr.Little , oliidThinking 's parent company r, Altair
ѧtto   MMr.. Lѧitѧtѧllee   ,  Pollѧѧiѧd ѧTThѧinѧkѧѧinngѧ   's    pparѧeenѧtѧ   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧ     ,   Alѧtѧѧaiirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to Mr. Little , Polid Thinking 's parent company , Altair
2000392
Engineering , has used the bone development algorithms
Englreerinf , has used the bomne devlpment algoriths
ѧEnѧgglllѧѧeѧerѧѧinѧgѧ   ,   hѧasѧ   usѧeedѧ   tthee   ѧbomѧnѧee   ѧdevelopppmmenntѧ   alѧgѧoorѧѧitthѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Engleering , has used the bomne development algoriths
2000393
for many years , particularly to help design the internal
for many yes e, partifularly to help dedignthe interntal
ffѧorr    manѧy    yyeasss   ,   pѧarѧttiicѧѧulѧaarѧllyy   tto   hѧelѧpѧ   ѧdesѧiiggn   thee   inѧtѧeerrnѧѧѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for many yeas , particularly to help design the internal
2000394
support structures of things like buildings and planes
supprrti stuctures of thinmslike beildigs ahd planes
ssѧupѧppѧorѧtѧѧѧc  sttruccttѧurѧeess   ofѧ   tthѧinѧgѧsslllikѧeѧ   bbuiillddiingss   anѧdѧ   pllѧanѧeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
supportc structures of thingslike buildings and planes
2000395
. Republicans cried foul , saying the vote was unfair
. Repbblicans rived foul , stying te veote wls unfahir
..   Reeppuubblliicѧaanѧsѧ  drѧivѧeedѧ   ѧfouulѧ   ,   ssayyiinngg   the   ѧvѧѧotѧee   wѧass   unѧfѧѧaѧѧiirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Republicans drived foul , saying the vote was unfair
2000396
because they had no time to review the measure and
secause they ma no time wto revie thhe measureand
bѧѧeccaauѧsѧeѧ   ttheeyѧ   ѧmay  ѧno   ttimѧeѧ    ttoo   reevѧiieew   thheee    meaasѧѧuree  anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because they may no time to review the measure and
2000397
because several of their members were out of town ,
because several of atheir mmberswer jtut o town ,
bbѧeccaauѧseeѧ    sevvѧerѧaalѧ   ofѧ     tthheeirѧ  memѧbѧeerѧs  ѧweree   jѧѧutt   on   towѧnѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because several of their members were jut on town ,
2000398
touring fire damage in Southern California . It was
touring fire dxalawe in Southernr California v. It was
ѧttouurѧѧinngg   ѧfirѧee   ѧdeaalѧѧacѧeѧ   inѧ   Sѧouutthheerrnѧѧ    CCalliiffѧorrnniiaa    ..   Itѧ   ѧwasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
touring fire dealace in Southern California . It was
2000399
his fifth trip on the train . An 18-year-old has been
is fifzt trip on the tqrain .An 18-year-old has be
ѧiss   ѧfifѧѧѧtѧ   trrѧipѧ   onѧ   tthee   ѧtrrraaiinѧ  .  Anѧ   1ѧ8ѧ--yyeaarr--oolldd   hѧasѧ  beѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is fift trip on the train . An 18-year-old has been
2000400
charged with the murder of a 20-year-old in a street
charge with thedmurder of as 20-year-xol in a strezt
ѧchhѧarѧgeee   wwitthѧ   tthee   mѧurѧdѧeerѧ   ofѧ   aѧѧ   2ѧ0ѧ--yyeaarr---ѧoolld  inѧ   a   sttrrѧeѧettѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
charge with the murder of a 20-year-old in a street
2000401
attack in north west London . But through September
attack idn nxorth west Lndon . Bjut through Septecber
ѧatѧtѧѧacѧkѧ   iinnѧ   ѧnѧѧorѧtthh   ѧwesstt   Lonndѧonѧ   .   Bѧѧѧutѧ    thhrѧouughhh   SSepѧttѧemѧbѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
attack in north west London . But through September
2000402
of this year , GMs gains had slid to 14 percent from
of this year , GM gaiens had slknid to 14 percent from
ѧofѧ   tthѧisѧ   ѧyeaarѧ   ,   GGMѧ  ѧgaiѧѧnnѧss   hѧadѧ   slѧѧenѧѧedd   tto   1ѧ4ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of this year , GM gains had slened to 14 percent from
2000403
a year ago , even though the volume of cars sold in
a yekar agot , even thoughthe volumyo of cars sold in
aaѧ  ѧyeeѧaarѧ   agѧooѧ    ,   evѧeenѧ   thhѧouughh   thee   ѧvolѧѧumѧѧѧѧѧ   ofѧ   ѧcarѧss   ѧsolldѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a year ago , even though the volum of cars sold in
2000404
China overall rose 27 percent , the Times reported
Chniw overall rose 27 perccentv ,the Times reponrted
ѧChhiiniѧѧѧ  ovveerѧѧalѧlѧ   rѧosѧeѧ   2ѧ7ѧ  pperrѧccѧeenѧtѧ    ,,  thee   TTimѧeess   reepѧѧoѧrrѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Chini overall rose 27 percent , the Times reported
2000405
. Bosh also had 10 rebounds and Delfino made six of
.sBosh also had 10 rebounyds and Delfino made ix of
..   Bѧosѧhѧ   alѧsooѧ   hѧadd  ѧ1ѧ0ѧ  reebѧѧouunnѧѧdѧss   anѧdѧ   Deelѧfѧѧinnoo   ѧmadѧeѧ   itѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Bosh also had 10 rebounds and Delfino made it of
2000406
his seven three-point attempts while helping the Raptors
his seven three-poiat attempts whilemxhelping the Raptors
ѧhѧisѧ    sevѧeenn   tthrrreѧe--ppѧoiѧnѧtѧ   atѧtѧѧemppptѧss    whѧilѧeѧѧ   hhѧelѧpѧiinngѧ   tthee   Rѧapѧttѧorrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
his seven three-point attempts while helping the Raptors
2000407
win for the fourth time in their last five games .
win fz the fourth time in thei last five pgaem .
wѧѧinѧ   ofѧ   tthee    fouurrtthh   ttimѧeѧ   inѧ   tthheiir  llasstt   ѧfivѧeѧ  pppѧѧatems   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
win of the fourth time in their last five patems .
2000408
When Bush left office President Obama inherited a four
Wxhyen Busfh eft office President Obamo nherited a qour
ѧWWѧѧhѧѧeenѧ   Bѧusѧhhhѧ  lefѧtѧ   ofѧfѧѧicceѧ   Prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   Obѧaamaaѧ   nhhѧerѧѧitteedѧ   a   ѧfouurѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
When Bush left office President Obama nherited a four
2000409
hundred and eighty two billion dollar deficit . Although
undredl and uighty tweo billion dolar deficit . Alhough
hunѧddrreedѧѧѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧfigѧhhtѧѧy    twѧeѧ    bbilѧlѧiioonn   ѧdolѧlarѧ   ѧdefѧѧicѧiitѧ   .   Alѧthhouughhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
hundred and fighty twe billion dollar deficit . Although
2000410
the cases all are scattered along the U.S.-Mexico border
the casesall are scatterzed alomg the U.S.-Mexicof border
ѧtthee   ѧcasseesѧѧalѧlѧ   arѧee   scѧѧatѧtѧѧerѧѧѧeedѧ   alѧѧonѧgѧ   tthee   UU..S..---MMexѧiicѧoѧѧѧ    borѧdѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the casesall are scattered along the U.S.-Mexico border
2000411
, officials have not identified any cases in Mexico
,dofzfgclals hae not identifie ay cases in Mexico
,,   ofѧfѧѧѧѧicciiaalѧss   hѧave   ѧnotѧ   idѧeenttѧѧifѧiieed  any   ccasseesѧ   inѧ   MMexѧiicѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, officials have not identified any cases in Mexico
2000412
. But Professor Ou Guoli , from Beijing Jiaotong University
. But Professor Ou uoli , from Beijineg Jiaotdg Univcersity
..   Bѧutѧ   Prroofѧѧesѧsѧѧorr   Ouѧѧ  ѧColliiѧ  ,   ffrѧomѧ   Bѧeiijѧiinnggѧѧ   Jѧiaѧѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧ   Unniivvvѧeerrsѧiitѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But Professor Ou Coli , from Beijing Jiat University
2000413
, says more needs to be done . The Liberal Democrats
,says zore needs toq fbe done . The epieal Democrats
,,  sayѧsѧ   ѧmorѧee   ѧneѧedѧss   ttoѧ     bѧѧe   ѧdonѧee   .   TThee   epѧѧitѧaalѧ   DDemѧѧocѧrraattssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, says more needs to be done . The epital Democrats
2000414
launched their Scottish election campaign in Glasgow
launhedr their cSctish election campaign in Gxlasgow
llѧauunѧchhedd     tthheeirѧ    ѧScitttisѧhѧ   elѧѧecѧttiioonѧ   ccamѧpѧaaiignnѧ   inѧ   Gѧѧllѧasѧgѧѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
launched their Scitish election campaign in Glasgow
2000415
by unveiling a poster warning of a " Tory tax bombshell
by unvlizng a poster warnizng zf a "Tory tax bombhell
ѧbyy   unѧvѧlѧliiinngg   a   pѧosѧtѧeerѧ   ѧwarѧnѧѧiinnggѧ   ofѧ  aa   " TTorѧyy   ttaxѧ   ѧbomѧbѧѧhѧelѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by unvlling a poster warning of a " Tory tax bombhell
2000416
. " Mecca and Jiddah often see rain during the winter
. " vecca and Jidah often seejrtin durwing the winter
..   "   ѧvecѧcѧaѧ   anѧdѧ   Jѧidѧaahѧ   ofѧtѧeenѧ   sseѧeѧѧrѧtѧiing   ѧdurѧѧѧiinngѧ   tthee   ѧwinѧtѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " vecca and Jidah often seerting during the winter
2000417
months , but Wednesday 's downpour was the heaviest
monthvs , but Wednesday s downpour was the heaviest
mѧѧonѧtthѧѧѧss   ,   bbutѧ   WWedѧnneessddaayѧ   's   dowѧnnpѧѧouurѧ    wasѧ   tthee   heeaavѧiieesstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
months , but Wednesday 's downpour was the heaviest
2000418
in years to coincide with the four-day hajj . Miller
in years gbo coincide wit the four-day hajj . Mieller
ѧinѧ   ѧyeaarѧss    tѧoo    coiinncѧѧidѧee   wwithh  tthee    fouurѧ--ddѧayѧ   hѧajѧjѧ   .   MMiѧelѧlѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in years to coincide with the four-day hajj . Mieller
2000419
said guards removed his shoes and socks , but spared
said guards remved his khoes and socks r, but cspared
ssѧaiѧdѧ   ѧguѧarѧdѧss   reemovveedѧ   hhisѧ   khѧѧoѧess   anѧdѧ   ssocѧkѧss     ,,  bbutѧ   cѧsppѧarѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said guards removed his khoes and socks , but cspared
2000420
him a full strip search , the newspaper said . The
him van full strip gsearch , he newspaper said  The
ѧhѧimѧ    ѧanѧ   ffulѧlѧ   sstrrѧipѧ   esseeaarcchhѧ   ,  thhe   ѧnewѧssppѧapѧeerr   ssaiѧdѧ  .  TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
him an full strip esearch , the newspaper said . The
2000421
National Bullying Helpline is in crisis after all of
NationalmBullying Helpline is iq crzisis after talliof
ѧNѧattiioonѧaalѧѧ ѧBѧulѧlѧyѧiinngѧ   Hѧelѧpѧllѧinѧeѧ   isѧ   inѧ   crrrѧѧisѧiѧss   afѧtѧeerѧ    talѧlѧѧ oofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
National Bullying Helpline is in crisis after tall of
2000422
its patrons resigned over its founder 's controversial
its patrons reiignednmovevr its founqder 's controvrsial
ѧittss   pѧattrrѧonѧss   reesѧiigѧnѧѧedѧ    ѧovѧeeerrѧ   ittss   ѧfouunnѧѧdѧeerr   'ss   cconnttrrѧovѧersѧiiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
its patrons resigned over its founder 's controversial
2000423
decision to disclose allegations made by Downing Street
decision tto dgisclose alegations made by Downing Street
dѧѧecѧѧisѧiioonѧ    ttoo    dѧѧisѧѧclѧѧosѧee   alѧlegѧaattiioonѧss   ѧmadѧeѧ   byy   Dѧowѧnѧiinngѧ   Sttrrѧeѧetѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
decision to disclose allegations made by Downing Street
2000424
staff . Kadhafi , whose country spent years in diplomatic
staff . Kadhafi , whose countryspentyakrs in diplomatic
ѧsttѧafѧfѧ   .   Kѧaddhhѧafѧii   ,,   whѧosѧeѧ   ѧcouunѧttrry  sppѧenѧtѧ yѧaaѧrѧss   inѧ   ddippllѧommѧattѧicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
staff . Kadhafi , whose country spent yars in diplomatic
2000425
isolation for its alleged support of terrorists , begins
isolaion for its albleged suppozrt of terrrsts , begins
ѧisssolѧaatiionѧ   fforѧ   ittss   aѧѧlѧlѧѧeggeedѧ   ssupѧpѧѧoѧrrѧtѧ   ofѧ   tterѧrѧrisѧttss   ,   ѧbegѧѧinѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
isolation for its alleged support of terrrists , begins
2000426
a high-profile visit to France on Monday during which
 high-ptofile iiit touFrance og Monay during which
a  hhigѧhѧ--ѧpprrofѧiilleѧ   inѧiitt   tto   Frrѧanncѧeѧ   onѧ   Moonndayy   ѧdurѧiinngѧ    whѧicѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a high-profile init to France on Monday during which
2000427
he will hold talks with President Nicolas Sarkozy in
he witfl hold talks with zPrasident Nicolas Sarkozy bin
ѧhee    wiѧѧlѧѧѧ   hѧolldѧ    talѧkѧss   wwitthѧ    ѧPrrѧessѧidѧeenѧtѧ   Nѧiccoolѧaasѧ   Sѧarѧkѧѧozѧyy    ѧinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he wil hold talks with President Nicolas Sarkozy in
2000428
Paris . In addition to the small uplift one receives
oariikkfw. Inaddition to the small upgift one receives
ѧѧaarrѧiiiѧѧkѧѧѧѧ ...  In  adѧdѧѧittiioonѧ   tto    thee   smѧѧalѧlѧ   upѧgѧѧifѧtѧ   onѧeѧ   reecceeiѧvѧeesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
arik . In addition to the small upgift one receives
2000429
from wearing a uniform , it introduces a comfortable
ofrom lwekring arunifourm , iv introdlces a comfortable
ѧѧfffrѧomѧ   ѧwѧѧeѧѧrѧiinngѧ  a  ѧѧunѧѧiffѧoѧurѧѧѧ   ,   itѧ   inѧttrroodѧѧucѧeesѧ   a   ccomѧfѧѧorѧtѧѧabѧlleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from wering a unifour , it introduces a comfortable
2000430
and useful place to hide . Oklahoma Highway Patrol
and usefsl place toide .b OklahomazHiughway Patrol
ѧanѧdѧ   usѧeefѧfulѧ   pllѧacѧeѧ  tto  idѧee  ..     Okѧlѧaahhѧomѧaa   Hѧiiѧgѧhhwwѧayѧ   Pѧattrrѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and usefful place to ide . Oklahoma Highway Patrol
2000431
Lt. George Brown said eastbound traffic was stopped
Ltx.ueorge Brown saiq eastboudnd trafic was stopped
ѧLttѧѧ..  Geѧorѧgѧee   Brrѧowѧnn   ssaiѧdѧ   eaasѧtѧbbѧouuѧnnѧdѧ   trrѧafѧficѧ   ѧwasѧ   stѧѧopѧpѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Lt. George Brown said eastbound traffic was stopped
2000432
about 1 p.m. on the Will Rogers Turnpike northeast
aout 1 p.m. onthe Will Rogbrs Turnpikeknortheast
abbouutt  ѧ1ѧ  p...m..   on   thee   Wѧilѧlѧ   Rѧogѧѧerrss   TTurѧnѧpѧѧikѧeeѧ  nnorrthhheeaasstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about 1 p.m. on the Will Rogers Turnpike northeast
2000433
of Miami because of an earlier crash when the big rig
iof Miati because o an eartlieir crash when the big rig
ѧѧoofѧ   Miiaatѧiѧ   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   of  anѧ   eaarѧѧѧlѧiѧѧeѧѧrѧ   crrѧasѧhѧ    whѧenѧ   tthee   bbigѧ   rѧigѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Miati because of an earlier crash when the big rig
2000434
slammed into at least three cars , which then crashed
sammed intop at least vhree caqs , which then cashed
ssѧamѧmѧeedѧ   inѧttooѧ    atѧ   lleaasttѧ    thrrreѧe   ѧcarѧss   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   ttheenѧ   ccasѧhѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sammed into at least three cars , which then cashed
2000435
into more vehicles . His partner on the show , Camilla
into morf vehaicles . His partner on thshw , Camilla
ѧinѧttoo   ѧmorѧeѧ   ѧvehhѧiiicѧlleess   .   HHiss   pѧarѧtѧnneerѧ   onѧ   theeshowѧ   ,   Cѧammѧilѧlѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
into more vehicles . His partner on theshow , Camilla
2000436
Dallerup , will join the newlyweds on their honeymoon
Dallerup , wtilsjoin the nwlyweds on their honeymoon
ѧDѧalѧlѧѧerѧѧupѧ   ,   wwѧѧilѧl  ѧjoiinѧ   tthee  nnѧѧwѧyywwѧeѧdss   onѧ   tthheeirѧ   hѧonѧeeyymѧѧoѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Dallerup , will join the nwyweds on their honeymoon
2000437
break in Leicestershire this week . The lawsuit was
break in Leiczstershire this week p Theblawsuit was
ѧbrreeaakѧ   inѧ   Lѧeiicѧѧesstѧeerrsshhѧirѧeѧ    thѧisѧ   wweѧekѧ   .   TThee  llѧawѧssuuiitt   ѧwasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
break in Leicestershire this week . The lawsuit was
2000438
captioned as United States ex rel . A senior defense
cqptionedas Unpied Statest ex reo . A senior fense
ccѧapѧttiioonneed  asѧ   Unniiiitedd   Sttѧatѧeessѧ    exѧ  rrѧeoo   .   A   ssenѧiѧoorѧ   ѧfenѧsѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
captioned as United States ex reo . A senior fense
2000439
official told The Associated Press that the military
odffirialc told Thek Assiited Press that the military
ѧoѧѧfѧfѧѧicѧiiaalѧs     tolldѧ   TTheee    Asѧsѧѧisitteedѧ   Prrresѧss    thѧatѧ   tthee   ѧmilѧiitѧѧarѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
officials told The Assisited Press that the military
2000440
's main intelligence source is human and that communications
'spmai itelligence source is hucan oandd that communicatians
''s   mѧѧaiѧn  inttelѧlѧѧigѧeenncѧeѧ   ssouurrcѧeѧ   isѧ   hѧumѧѧanѧ    ѧanѧdѧѧѧ    thѧatѧ   ccomѧmѧѧunѧiicѧaattiioonѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's main intelligence source is human and that communications
2000441
intercepts support the claim -- but he cautioned that
intercepts support te cla -- but he bcautigned that
ѧinѧtѧeerѧcѧѧepѧtѧss   ssupѧpѧѧorѧtѧ   the  cclѧaas  -ѧ-ѧ  bbutѧ   hee    cѧѧauѧttiionnѧeedѧ    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
intercepts support the clas -- but he cautioned that
2000442
Marulanda 's actual death remains to be confirmed .
Marulankda z's actual deth eremains gto bwconuirmed .
ѧMaarѧѧѧllѧanѧѧѧdѧaa    ''s   aacѧttuuaalѧ   deeathѧ    rreemѧaainnѧss    ttoo   be ccconѧfѧѧirѧmѧѧedѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Marlanda 's actual death remains to be confirmed .
2000443
Susan had watched the judicial farce with growing alarm
Susan had watched he juhikcial narce ith growing alarm
ѧSuusѧѧanѧ   hѧadѧ   ѧwatcchhѧeedѧ  thee   ѧjubѧѧiѧѧcѧiiaalѧ   ѧnarѧcѧeѧ  witth    grrѧowѧiinngѧ   alѧѧarѧmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Susan had watched the jubicial narce with growing alarm
2000444
. The expertise in this area was later to help shape
. Th expxertise icthis area was later to hep shape
..   Thhe  exxѧppѧeerѧtѧѧisѧeѧ   isѧ  thhisѧ   arѧeeaѧ    wasѧ   ѧlatѧeerѧ   ttoѧ  hѧelpp  shѧѧapѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The expertise is this area was later to help shape
2000445
the findings of the Reddaway Report that addressed
the findings xof the Reddraway eeortt that addreswed
ѧtthee   ffinѧdѧiinngѧss    ѧofѧ   tthee   Rѧedѧdѧrѧaawwwayѧ  Reppporrttѧѧ    thѧatѧ   adѧdѧrrresѧsѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the findings of the Reddraway Report that addressed
2000446
the question of outward FDI by UK firms and its effect
the quelntkion of outward FDI by UK ficyms and its effect
ѧtthee   qquѧeeѧnѧttѧiiionnѧ   ofѧ   ouutѧwwѧarѧdѧ   FѧDѧIѧ  byy   UѧK   ѧfiѧѧѧѧmѧss   anѧdѧ   ittss   efѧfѧѧecѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the quention of outward FDI by UK fims and its effect
2000447
on the home economy . It is clear that a substantial
onr the home economy . xIi isrcluar thlat a substrntia
ѧonѧѧ    tthee   hѧomѧee   eccoonѧѧomѧyѧ   .     It    isѧ ѧccllѧeaarѧ    thhѧaatѧ   a    subѧssttѧanѧttiiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the home economy . It is clear that a substantial
2000448
part of the financial services industry was , on the
part ofe the finuxciaw srvices ndustry was , on the
ѧpѧarѧtѧ   ofѧѧ    tthee   ѧfinѧѧanѧcѧiiaalѧ  serѧvvѧicѧees   inddѧusѧttrryy    wass   ,   onѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
part of the financial services industry was , on the
2000449
one hand a mechanism for financing property speculation
one hand a melchansm for finncigpropefty speculation
ѧonѧeѧ   hѧanѧdѧ   a   ѧmerѧcchѧѧanѧsѧmѧ   fforr   ffinanncѧiing pprѧopѧeerѧtѧyy   sspѧecѧѧulѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
one hand a merchansm for financing property speculation
2000450
internationally and , on the other hand a means of
intenationally and , on the otherohanid ae means of
ѧinѧteeernnattiioonѧaalѧllyy   anѧdѧ   ,   onѧ   tthee   otthheerr  hhѧannѧѧdѧ   aree  ѧmeaanѧss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
internationally and , on the other hand are means of
2000451
collecting charges and commissions from people who
zcollectng charges knd cqommissikns from peoplec who
ѧѧccѧolѧlѧѧecѧtiiing   chhaarѧgѧeess   anѧdd   ѧcѧѧomѧmѧѧisѧsiiionnnss   ffrѧomѧ   ppeѧopѧlleѧ      whooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
collecting charges and commissions from people who
2000452
wanted to realise their gains . The true cobblestone
wanterd to realie ther gain . The true cotblestone
wwѧanѧtѧѧeeedd   tto   reeaalliizee  ttheeir   ggaiinѧ   .   TThee   trruuee   ccoѧѧbѧlleessttѧonѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
wanted to realize their gain . The true coblestone
2000453
classic to which the Tour de France stage is a homage
classics to which theTogr de dnce stage is a homage
ѧcllѧasѧsѧѧicѧss   tto    whѧicѧhѧ   tthe  Toouѧrr   dde   inncѧeѧ   stѧѧagѧeѧ   isѧ   a   hѧomѧѧagѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
classics to which the Tour de ince stage is a homage
2000454
is Paris-Roubaix , but with more than 50 kilometers
is Patris-Roubaix , but withmore thar50 kilometers
ѧisѧ   Pѧatѧrѧiissѧ-ѧRѧouѧbѧaaiixѧ   ,   bbutѧ   wwitth  mmorѧee   thhaan ѧ5ѧ0ѧ  ѧkilѧѧomѧѧetteerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is Patris-Roubaix , but with more than 50 kilometers
2000455
of cobblestones , it is too much of a good thing .
of zbblestones , it s too much oof a good thing .
ѧofѧ  bubѧbѧlleessttѧonѧeess   ,   itѧ   's  ttoѧo   ѧmucѧhѧ    ѧofѧ   a   ѧgoѧodѧ   tthѧinngѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of bubblestones , it 's too much of a good thing .
2000456
" I wish all of you lice-infested , dirty murderers
" Is wjsh allof you dlyce-infested ,bdirity murderes
ѧ"   Isѧ   wwisѧh    alѧlѧ ofѧ    youѧ   dѧlѧycceѧ--ѧinѧfѧѧesѧtѧeedѧ  ,  ѧdѧѧirѧiittyy   ѧmurѧdѧeerѧeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" Is wish all of you dlyce-infested , dirity murderes
2000457
will receive Hamas 's ' kisses , " ' it said . The
will recqeive Hamas 's ' kisses , " ' ity saiiy.The
wwѧilѧlѧ   reecccѧeeiѧvѧee   Hѧamѧaass   'ss   '   ѧkisѧsѧeess   ,   "   '  Citѧѧѧ   ssaiidѧ  .. TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will receive Hamas 's ' kisses , " ' Cit said . The
2000458
maximum penalty for not obeying is a 1,000 fine and
maximul penalty for not obeyingb  a b,000 fineand
mѧѧaxѧiimѧѧalѧ   ppenѧaalѧtѧyѧ   fforr   ѧnotѧ    bbѧeyѧѧinngѧ    ,  a   1ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   ѧfinѧe  anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
maximal penalty for not beying , a 1,000 fine and
2000459
disqualification from driving . So I think this question
disqualipfication rom driving . pSo I think thd question
dѧѧisѧqѧuuaalѧѧifѧѧѧiicѧaattiioonѧ  frѧomѧ   drrѧivѧѧinngg   .     Sѧo   I   tthѧinѧkѧ   tthee   qquuesѧtѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
disqualification from driving . So I think the question
2000460
of their role is over stated . In addition to its core
f their role is ovej stped . In aditionto its colre
oѧf  tthheeirѧ   rѧolѧee   isѧ   ovѧeerѧ   stopѧeedd   .   Inѧ  aadѧdittiioonѧ tto   ittss   ѧcoѧѧrѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of their role is over stoped . In addition to its core
2000461
products in industrial fire detection and suppression
products in industrial sfiire detetion avd suppression
ѧprrrodѧѧucctѧss   inѧ   inndѧѧussttrriiaalѧ   ѧfѧѧiiѧrѧee   ѧdetѧѧenttiionѧ   anѧdѧ   ssupѧpprrѧesѧsѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
products in industrial fire detention and suppression
2000462
systems , China Fire will expand its product portfolio
sjystems , China Fie will expncnd its produt portfolio
ѧѧsѧѧysѧtteemѧss   ,   CChѧinѧaѧ   Fѧieeѧ   wilѧlѧ   exѧpѧѧѧѧnnѧdѧ   ittss   prrrodѧѧuctt  pporѧtѧffѧolѧiioѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
systems , China Fie will expnd its product portfolio
2000463
by internal development and partnership with third
by internal development and partnershipswith tgird
ѧbyy   inѧtteerrnѧaalѧ   ѧdevvѧelѧѧopѧmmeenttѧ   anѧdѧ   pѧarѧtѧnneerrsshhѧipѧss  witth    thhѧirrdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by internal development and partnerships with third
2000464
parties , and provide its customers with integrated
pagrties ,and provide it customers with integrhated
ѧpѧaѧѧrѧtѧiieess  ,, anѧdѧ   pprrovѧѧidѧeѧ   itss   cusѧtѧѧomѧѧerrss   wwitth    inѧtѧeeggrrѧѧaatѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
parties , and provide its customers with integrated
2000465
product development and scaled product manufacturing.
product dvelopment and csscaled yroduct manufbcturing.
ѧprrrodѧѧucctѧ  deevvelѧѧopmmmeenѧtѧ   anѧdѧ   asѧsscѧѧalѧeedѧ   prrrodѧѧucctѧ   ѧmanѧuufffacѧtѧuurѧѧinnggѧ..ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
product development and asscaled product manufacturing.
2000466
c . But the Rangers decided to turn to Drury to lead
c . But the Rangers deided tbod iturn to Drury vo lead
)ѧ   .   Bѧutѧ    thee   Rѧanѧgѧѧerrss   ddecidѧeedѧ    toooѧ    ѧttѧurѧnѧ   tto   Drѧѧurѧyѧ   tto   ѧleaadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
) . But the Rangers decided to turn to Drury to lead
2000467
this team , a nod to his skills on and off the ice
tis team , k nod t his skilbls on ad of the ice
ѧthiss   tteaamѧ   ,   i   ѧnotѧ  ato  hhiss   skѧѧilѧlѧѧѧss   onѧ  aaddd  ofѧ   tthee   icѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this team , i not ato his skills on ad of the ice
2000468
. Trying to hold on to her . " I had a rich neighbour
. Tryiung toe hold on to her. "  ha arich neigdbour
..   Trryyѧiinnggѧ   tooѧ    hѧolldѧ   onn   ttoѧ  heerr ..  "  I  hѧa   arrѧicchѧ   nneѧighhѧbѧѧouurѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Trying to hold on to her . " I ha arich neighbour
2000469
who celebrated his son 's wedding in a park in front
who cefebrated his son 's iwedding in a plark infront
wwѧhoo   ccelѧeebbrraatѧeedѧ   hhiss   ssonnn  'ss   swwѧedѧdѧѧinngg   inѧ   a   pplѧarѧkѧ   inѧ frrѧonntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who celebrated his son 's swedding in a plark in front
2000470
of my house . KIEV , Ukraine ( AP ) - British art provocateu
of mb house . KIEV  Ukrtine ( AP ) - British artzmovozateu
ѧofѧ   myѧ   hѧouusѧeѧ   .   KѧIѧEѧV  ,  Uѧѧѧrtѧiinѧeѧ   (   APPP  )  --ѧ  Brrѧitѧѧisѧhѧ   arѧtѧѧѧmѧѧovѧѧozѧѧatѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of my house . KIEV , Urtine ( AP ) - British artmovozated
2000471
Damien Hirst will mount the largest exhibition ever
Damien wHirst will mount kthe lsargest exhibition egver
ѧDDamѧiiѧenѧ     Hѧirѧsstt   ѧwilѧlѧ   ѧmouunѧtѧ     tthee    lѧѧarѧgѧeesstѧ   exѧhhѧibѧiittiioonѧ   eѧѧvѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Damien Hirst will mount the largest exhibition ever
2000472
of his trademark fish skeletons , skull paintings and
of his tqrademark fisjh skeletons , jkuovll paintnings and
ѧofѧ   hhiss    trrrѧadѧeemmѧarѧkѧ   ѧfissѧhhѧ   skѧѧelѧeetѧѧonnss   ,    kѧѧѧѧoѧѧlѧlѧ   pѧaiinѧtѧnѧiinngѧss   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of his trademark fish skeletons , koll paintnings and
2000473
dead animals in a major show in Ukraine 's capital
dead aaimlk in a major showin Uraing 's capitau
dѧѧeaadd  aaaaiilѧѧlkѧ   inѧ   a   mmajѧoorr   shhѧowѧ inn   Urrѧaѧinngѧ   'ss   ccappiittaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dead aillk in a major show in Uraing 's capital
2000474
. Last month , Mr Webster , now 18 , lost a High Court
. Last onth, M Webster , crnow 18 , plst a High ourt
..   Lѧasѧtѧ  monѧtth  ,,  Mѧ  WWebѧsstѧeerr   ,    ѧѧnѧѧowѧ  ѧ1ѧ8ѧ  ,   pѧaѧѧtѧ   a   HHigѧhѧ  Couurѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Last month , M Webster , now 18 , pat a High Court
2000475
battle to win compensation from Ridgeway School , Wroughton
battle to wincmpednhsation from hidgewad School , Wrughto
bbѧatѧtѧlleѧ   tto    ѧinѧcomѧppѧeѧѧnѧѧisѧaattiioonѧ   ffrѧomѧ   hѧidѧgѧeewwѧard   SSchhѧoѧolѧ   ,   Wrrѧugghhttooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
battle to incompenisation from hidgeward School , Wrughto
2000476
. Less successfully executed is Mazda 's take on accessory
. Less successfully executefd is Mtzda 's takeon acclssory
..   Lѧesѧsѧ   ssucѧcѧѧesѧsѧffѧulѧllyy   exѧѧeccuutѧeeeѧdѧ   isѧ   Mѧazѧddaa   'ss    takke  onѧ   acѧcѧѧesѧsѧѧorѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Less successfully executed is Mazda 's take on accessory
2000477
controls . BMW introduced the despicable iDrive central
controlsa . lBMWj intvroduced the despicazle iDrve cenpra
ccѧonnttrrѧolѧѧsѧ    .    ѧBѧMѧWѧѧ   inѧttѧѧrrrodѧѧucѧeedѧ   tthee   ѧdesspѧѧicѧѧabѧlleѧ    ѧDrivѧee   ccenѧterraѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
controls . BMW introduced the despicable Drive centera
2000478
controller system to combat the plague of buttons in
cntrollbr skstem to combatu the plaue of buttons in
connttrrѧolѧlѧѧerѧ   ssysѧtteemѧ   tto   ѧcomѧbѧѧattѧ    tthee   pllѧacѧee   ofѧ   ѧbutѧtѧѧonѧss   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
controller system to combat the place of buttons in
2000479
cars , and while that cure proved worse than the disease
cars , and whialj thatcure prpover worse tqan the disease
cѧѧarѧss   ,   anѧdѧ    whѧiѧѧlѧѧѧ    thѧat  cѧurѧee   prrѧѧѧovѧѧerѧ   ѧworrsѧeѧ   tthѧanѧ   tthee   ѧdisѧeeaasѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cars , and whil that cure prover worse than the disease
2000480
, the Mazda reminds us that a profusion of buttons
, the Mada reminds uls that a profusion of buttons
,,    thee   MMaddaa   rremѧѧinѧdѧss   uѧѧsѧ    thѧatѧ   a   prrѧofѧѧusѧiiionn   ofѧ   ѧbutѧtѧѧonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, the Mada reminds us that a profusion of buttons
2000481
whose operation is not obvious is still a problem worthy
whose operamtomn is not obviouu is still a probyem orthy
wwѧhѧosѧeѧ   opѧeerѧaaaѧtiioonnѧ   isѧ   nnotѧ   obvvѧiioouusѧ   isѧ   stѧѧilѧlѧ   a   prrѧobѧlѧeemѧ  worrtthѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
whose operation is not obvious is still a problem worthy
2000482
of solution . The winner of the ninth edition of one
onf soluton . The wunner of thye nnth edition of one
ѧofѧѧѧ   ѧsolѧuutiionn   .   TThee   ѧwinѧnѧѧerѧ   ofѧ   tthhee   ninѧtthѧ   edѧѧittiioonѧ   ofѧ   onѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of solution . The winner of the ninth edition of one
2000483
of Africa 's top literary awards , the Caine Prize
of Africa 's op literary awardsy e the Cazpne Prize
ѧofѧ   Afѧrriicѧaa   'ss  topѧ   ѧlitѧeerѧѧarѧyy  aawwѧarѧdѧssѧ    ,   tthee   Cѧazѧѧinѧee   Prrѧizѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Africa 's top literary awards , the Cazine Prize
2000484
for African Writing , is due to be announced . Its
for Afrieaa Wruiting , is de t bge announced . Its
ffѧorr   Afѧrriicaaa     WWrѧѧiittiinngѧ   ,   isѧ  ddue  tto  bbeee   anѧnѧѧouunѧcѧeedѧ   .   Itѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for Africa Writing , is due to be announced . Its
2000485
leader , Ehud Barak , a darling of the U.S. when he
eader , Ehud arak b a darnlinb of the sU.S. whtcn he
leaadѧѧerѧ   ,   Ehhuudѧ   arѧѧakѧ   ,   a   ѧdarѧnѧѧѧiinѧgѧ   ofѧ    thee    ѧUU..S..   wwhѧeeenѧ   heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
leader , Ehud arak , a darning of the U.S. when he
2000486
was prime minister earlier this decade , could soon
wav primeminister arlier tmhis decade , could son
wѧѧasѧ   prrѧimѧeѧ  minѧiisstѧeerѧ  earrlliieerr   tt hhѧisѧ    decѧѧadѧeѧ   ,    couulldd   ssoѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was prime minister earlier t his decade , could soon
2000487
be forced into retirement . Paulson said that loss
be forced icnto retiremeur . aPaulsonm said that lsrs
bbee   fforrcѧeedѧ   iinnѧttoo   reettѧirѧeemmeenntѧ   .     Pѧauѧlѧsѧѧonѧѧѧ   ssaiѧdѧ    thѧatѧ  llѧѧsѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
be forced into retirement . Paulson said that lss
2000488
was not surprising given the state of the housing market
was not surprisikg giverg thejstateof the hcousing markvet
wѧѧasѧ   ѧnotѧ    surѧpprrѧisѧѧinngѧ   ѧgivveenѧѧ    tthee  sstѧѧatѧe  ofѧ   tthee    hѧѧouusѧѧinngg   ѧmarѧkѧѧeeѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was not surprising given the state of the housing market
2000489
and did not change his view that the companies would
and did no dhange his view thatb thj companes woueld
ѧanѧdѧ   ѧdidd   ѧnot  cchѧanѧgѧee   hhiss   vvieewѧ    thѧatѧ     tthee   ѧcomѧpѧaanieess    wouuѧllѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and did not change his view that the companies would
2000490
probably not need government cash . And to help the
probbly notn need governent cash . And to hvelp te
ѧprrѧobabѧllyy   ѧnott     ѧneѧedѧ    govveerrnmmenѧtѧ   ccasshѧ   .   Anѧdѧ   tto    hheelѧpѧ   theѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
probably not need government cash . And to help the
2000491
45 million Americans with pre-hypertension prevent
45 million Ampeicans wit pre-hypektension prevent
ѧ4ѧ5ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧ   Amѧѧerriicѧaanѧss   wwithh  prree--ѧhѧyppee  ttѧenѧsѧiioonѧ   prreevѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
45 million Americans with pre-hype tension prevent
2000492
getting full-blown high pressure , here are some tips
gettring full-bhown high presure , hnre ar some tdips
gѧѧetѧtѧѧѧiinngѧ   ffulѧlѧѧ-ѧbhѧѧowѧnѧ   hѧigѧhѧ   prreesѧsurѧeѧ   ,  thѧerree  aaree   somѧeѧ   ttѧѧipѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
getting full-bhown high pressure , there are some tips
2000493
to help thwart this common condition . The global financial
to help thwart ths ommoncondition . heglobal financial
ѧtto   hѧelѧpѧ   thhwwѧarѧtѧ   tthis  comѧmѧѧonѧ cconѧdѧѧittiioonѧ   .  Thee gglѧobѧaalѧ   ѧfinѧaanncѧiiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to help thwart this common condition . The global financial
2000494
crisis--while far removed from InfoGroup--has put executives
criss--while far remnovefrom InfGqoup--hajs put zexecutives
ѧcrѧѧisѧisѧ-ѧ-ѧwwhѧilѧeѧ   ffarr   reeemmѧѧovѧee  frѧomѧ   Innѧ ѧGrrѧouupѧѧ-ѧ-ѧhѧaѧѧsѧ   pѧutt    ѧexxѧeccuuttiivѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
crisis--while far remove from In Group--has put executives
2000495
and directors everywhere on notice ; their actions
and direptors yecerywhereonnotite ; their actoxs
ѧanѧdѧ   ѧdirѧeecѧttѧorrss     evveerryywwhhѧeree ѧonѧnnѧottiitѧee   ;   tthheeirѧ   accttѧorѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and directors everywhere onnotite ; their actors
2000496
are under close scrutiny by an unnerved investing public
aoe nfnder close scrutiny by adna unnzrhved investing pubyic
ѧarѧeѧ   ѧѧunѧdѧeerѧ   clѧѧosѧeѧ   sccrrѧutѧiinѧyѧ   byѧ   aѧѧѧѧ     unѧѧѧѧѧrrѧѧvѧeedѧ   inѧvѧeesѧtѧѧinngѧ   ppubblѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are under close scrutiny by a unrved investing public
2000497
. A much-publicized endangered species in the 1970s
. A much-hpublicizid endanbgerxed species in the 19x0js
..   A   ѧmucѧhhѧ-ѧѧpѧuubblliicѧѧizѧeedѧ   enѧdѧѧannѧѧgѧeerѧѧѧeedѧ   sppeecѧiieesѧ   inѧ   tthee  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ0ѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. A much-publicized endangered species in the 1990s
2000498
that had dwindled to 18 animals , the black-footed
rthatg had dwibndlxd o 18 animals , the black-footed
ѧѧѧtthѧatѧ     hѧadѧ   dwwѧiѧѧnѧdѧѧleedѧ  to   1ѧ8ѧ  anniimѧaalѧss   ,    thee   bllѧacѧkѧ--ffѧoѧotѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that had dwindled to 18 animals , the black-footed
2000499
ferret had struggled to make a comeback and had been
ferrot hd struggled to makeba comeqbacky and had ken
fѧѧerѧrѧoort   had   sstrrѧugѧgѧlleedѧ   tto   ѧmakѧee   a   ѧcomѧeeѧѧbѧѧacѧkѧѧѧ   anѧdѧ   hѧadѧ   ѧkeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ferrort had struggled to make a comeback and had keen
2000500
doing relatively well for decades . " And the cost
bdoing rcatively well for decades b " And the cost
ѧѧdѧѧoiiingg  reccѧattiivveellyy   ѧwelѧlѧ   fforr    decѧѧadѧeess   .   "   Anѧdѧ   tthee   ѧcossttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
doing recatively well for decades . " And the cost
2000501
of delivery is 25p per person , per year . " But they
 dflivery is 25p pero person , pr year . " Bmutx they
,   delѧѧivѧeerryy   isѧ  ѧ2ѧ5ѧp   peerrѧѧ   pperѧssѧonѧ   ,  perr    yeaarѧ   .   "   Bѧѧѧutѧ     ttheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, delivery is 25p per person , per year . " But they
2000502
have also made it one of the few countries in Latin
have alsoqmade r one of the few countriesin Latin
ѧhѧavѧeѧ  aalѧsѧoѧ  mmѧadѧeѧ   o   onѧee   ofѧ   thhee   ѧfewѧ   ccouunѧttrriieess inѧ   Lѧattiinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have also made o one of the few countries in Latin
2000503
America where income inequality has recently risen
Americha wqere incnme innequalbtyhas recwntlyt risen
ѧAmѧeerriicѧѧaaѧ    wѧѧerree   inѧccѧomѧee   inѧ ѧѧeqquuaalѧѧѧtѧy  hѧasѧ   reecѧeenѧtѧllyy     rѧisѧѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
America were income in equalty has recently risen
2000504
. The 6.9-magnitude quake , according to estimates
. The 6.9-magnitude quake , accaordngs toy estimates
..   TThee  ѧ6..ѧ9ѧ--mmaggnniitѧѧudѧeѧ   qquѧakѧee   ,   acѧcѧѧѧѧorѧdiinnggs   tooѧ    esѧtѧѧimѧѧatѧeesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The 6.9-magnitude quake , accordings to estimates
2000505
by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) , struck
by the Unted Sates GmologicalSurvey ( USGS  , struck
ѧbyѧ   tthee   Uniittedѧ   Statѧeess   Gѧѧoolѧѧogѧiicѧaal  SSurѧvѧeeyy   (   UѧSѧGѧSѧ )  ,   sstrrѧucѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by the United States Gological Survey ( USGS ) , struck
2000506
at 7 : 49 a.m. 12 , Feinberg cannot force Citigroup
ats 7 : 49 a.m. 12, Feinberg cannot forcce Citicop
ѧattѧ   ѧ7ѧ  :   4ѧ9ѧ  a...m...  1ѧ2  ,  Fѧeiinѧbbeerѧgѧ    canѧnnѧotѧ   fforrccѧeeѧ   CCittiicѧѧopѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at 7 : 49 a.m. 12 , Feinberg cannot force Citicop
2000507
to break the deal . I just hope Obama left a few bucks
to brejak the dual . I just hope Obamaelffd a few bucks
ѧtoo   brrѧeѧѧaakѧ   tthee   ѧdeaalѧ   .   I    jusstt   hѧopѧeѧ   Obѧѧamѧaaѧellfѧѧѧdѧ   a   ѧfewѧ   ѧbucѧkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to break the deal . I just hope Obamaelfd a few bucks
2000508
on the dresser for her before he left the room . +
onhhe dresser for herbefcr he leftthem roo . +
ѧonѧ  thee   drrresѧsѧѧerѧ   fforr   heerr  beffѧorr   hee   ѧlefѧtѧ  thѧemѧ   rѧoѧom  ..  +ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the dresser for her befor he left them room . +
2000509
Rumor Watch : Gates to Replace Jones at the WH ? +
Rumorun Watch : Gates tlgReplqace Joneo at theiWH ? +
ѧRѧumѧѧorѧѧѧnѧ   WWattchhѧ   :   GGatѧeess   tѧѧѧ ѧReeppllѧѧѧacѧeѧ   Jѧonѧeesѧ   atѧ   tthee  ѧWѧHѧ  ?   +ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Rumorn Watch : Gates t Replace Jones at the WH ? +
2000510
Do the Media Hate the Rich ? + Why Am I So Angry ?
Dothe Medoa Hfte the Rich ? + Why tc I o Angrny ?
ѧDѧotѧthee   Mѧeddѧѧaa   Haѧttee    thee   Rѧicchѧ   ?   +   WWhyy   tѧѧ   I   of  Anѧgѧѧoѧѧyѧ   ?ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Dotthe Meda Hate the Rich ? + Why t I of Angoy ?
2000511
Throughout his life , the tension between his private
Throughoutf hs life , uhe tension between hisprivate
ѧTThhrrouughhѧoouutѧ     his   ѧlifѧeѧ   ,    thee    tenѧsѧiioonѧ   bbettwwѧeѧen    hѧis  prrrivѧѧatѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Throughout his life , the tension between his private
2000512
self , which may have been a bit arrested by his golf
self  wizh may havec ben a bit arrested by hisgolf
ssѧelѧfѧ  ,  whitѧhѧ   ѧmayy   hѧavѧeѧѧ    bbeѧen  a   bbitѧ   arѧrѧeesѧtѧeedѧ   byy   hhis  ѧgolѧfѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
self , whith may have been a bit arrested by his golf
2000513
obsession and childhood fame , and his enormously profitable
obsesshizn ynd childhood famem,and his enorousl profitable
ѧobѧsѧeesѧsѧѧiioonnѧ   anѧdѧ   chhѧilѧddhhѧoѧodѧ   ffamѧeѧѧ ,, anѧdѧ   hhisѧ   enѧѧorrmouussѧyy  prrrofѧiitѧѧabblleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
obsession and childhood fame , and his enormousy profitable
2000514
" perfect " public image has grown until the gap became
" percect " public image has grownpkl unrxtil thje gap became
ѧ"   pperѧcѧeenѧtѧ   "   ppubblliicѧ   imѧaagѧee   hѧasѧ   grrѧowѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧ    unѧѧѧѧѧtѧiilѧ    thheee   ѧgapѧ   ѧbeccѧamѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" percent " public image has grown until the gap became
2000515
unbearable . Gomez reportedly bit an officer and spit
unberabule . Gompz repostedly bit an officer and spit
ѧunѧbѧeerrѧabbѧulѧeѧ   .   Gѧomѧpѧѧѧ   rrepѧѧorѧtѧeedѧllyy   ѧbitѧ   anѧ   ofѧfѧѧicceerr   anѧdѧ   spѧѧittѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
unberabule . Gomp reportedly bit an officer and spit
2000516
at them before they used stun guns to control him .
at them before then usd stun guns to control him .
ѧatѧ   ttheemѧ   bbeffѧorѧeѧ    theenѧ   useed   sttѧunѧ   ѧgunѧss   tto   cconnttrrѧolѧ   hѧimѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at them before then used stun guns to control him .
2000517
A woman convicted of carving her name into her lover
A womabn convicte of carving her kname inpo her lv
ѧA   ѧwomѧѧannnѧ   cconѧvѧѧicѧtѧeed  ofѧ   ccarѧvѧiinngg   heerr   knѧѧamѧee   inѧttoo   heerr  lovѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
A woman convicted of carving her kname into her lov
2000518
's arm during a drink and drug-fuelled fling has been
's arm during a drik and drug-fuelled flipdg hasben
''sѧ   arѧmѧ   ѧdurѧiinng    a   drrѧink   anѧd    drrѧugѧ--ffѧuѧelѧlѧeedѧ   fllѧipѧѧѧѧѧ   hѧas  bbeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's arm during a drink and drug-fuelled flip has been
2000519
given a two-year community order . The Red Sox sent
sixen a two-year community order . Thfe Red zSox sent
sѧѧixѧѧenѧ   a   ttwoo---yyeaarѧ   ccomѧmѧѧunѧiittyy   orѧdѧeerѧ   .   TThheee   Reedd    ѧSѧoxѧ   ssenntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sixen a two-year community order . The Red Sox sent
2000520
13 men to the plate in the sixth and seventh innings
13 mes to the plate viq the sixtl vamk seventh iknnings
ѧ1ѧ3  mamesss  tto   tthee   pllѧatѧeѧ    ѧinѧ   tthee    sixѧtѧlѧ   ѧvarѧkѧ    sevѧѧenntthѧ   iѧѧnѧnѧiinngѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
13 mames to the plate in the sixtl vark seventh innings
2000521
and scored five runs -- two unearned because of two
and scored five runs -- ttwo unemaned because of two
ѧanѧdѧ   scѧѧorѧeedѧ   ѧfivѧeѧ   rѧunѧss   -ѧ-     ttwoo   unѧeemmaannnedѧ   bbeccaauusѧeѧ   ofѧ   ttwooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and scored five runs -- two unemaned because of two
2000522
errors by third baseman Alex Gordon . Emergency crews
erros by thirdw jbaseman Alex Gordon d. Emergenc clrews
ѧerѧrѧoors   byy   thhѧirrdѧѧѧ    bѧѧasѧeemmѧanѧ   Allѧexѧ   GGorѧdѧѧonn    ..   Emѧѧerѧgѧeenncyy  clѧrѧeewѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
errors by third baseman Alex Gordon . Emergency clrews
2000523
were called to the scene of the collision , on the
dwere called to the sceneof the colsion , on the
ѧѧwwѧerree   ccalѧlѧeedѧ   too   tthee  ssccѧennee ofѧ   tthee   ccolѧsstiionn   ,   onѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were called to the scene of the colstion , on the
2000524
southbound stretch of the M6 between junctions 14 and
fouhbound stretch of the M6 betweenjuuoctions 14 annd
fѧѧourrѧbbѧouunѧdѧ   sttrrѧetѧchhѧ   ofѧ   tthee  ѧMѧ6ѧ   bettwwѧeѧenѧ   fѧѧѧѧccttiioonѧs    1ѧ4ѧ  annѧѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fourbound stretch of the M6 between fctions 14 and
2000525
15 , at lunchtime . But could the Fed soon go where
15j q, atylnchjme . lBut culd the Fed soon go where
11ѧ5ѧѧ     ,  aatѧtyѧenѧcchѧѧimѧee   .     Bѧutѧ   coulldd    thee   Fѧedd   ssoѧonn   ѧgo    whѧerѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
15 , attyenchime . But could the Fed soon go where
2000526
it has never gone before and bring them below 1 % ?
zit hasv neer gone before and brinkg them below 1 % ?
ѧѧѧitѧ   hѧasѧѧ    ѧneverѧ   ѧgonѧeѧ   bbeffѧorѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   brrѧinnggѧѧ   ttheemѧ   bbelѧѧowѧ  ѧ1ѧ  %   ?ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it has never gone before and bring them below 1 % ?
2000527
But pulling the plug too soon on the Fed 's emergency
But pulingsthe wlug too sooq onsthe Fed 's emegency
ѧBѧutѧ   puulѧliinggѧ  tthee    lѧѧugg    toѧo   ssoѧonѧ   onѧ   tthee   Fѧedd   'ss   emѧeergeennccyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
But pulling the lug too soon on the Fed 's emergency
2000528
aid could set back a recovery even faster . Stock markets
aidfculd set back a recovery exenfaster . Stock markets
ѧaiѧdѧ  ccoulldd   ѧsett   bbacѧkѧ   a   rreccѧovveerѧyy   evѧeen  fѧasѧtѧeerѧ   .   SStѧocѧkѧ   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
aid could set back a recovery even faster . Stock markets
2000529
have been in full retreat this year over the economic
have been in ull nretreat thpis year covfr he economic
ѧhѧavѧeѧ   ѧbeѧenn   inѧ  fulѧlѧ    rreettrreeaatt   tthhѧѧiss   ѧyeaarѧ    ѧovѧѧerѧ  thee   eccoonѧѧomѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have been in full retreat this year over the economic
2000530
fears . Leave the country to its people , " said Saadoun
fears . Leaave the country toits people , " said Saadoun
fѧѧeaarѧss   .   Lѧeѧaѧѧvѧee    thee   ѧcouunѧttrryy   to  ittss   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   ,   "   ssaiѧdѧ   Sѧaѧadѧѧoѧѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fears . Leave the country to its people , " said Saadon
2000531
al-Janabi , a 63-year-old sheikh , one of the Sunni
al-Janabi , a 63-yeac-old shekh ,vne of te Sunni
ѧalѧѧ-ѧJaanѧaabѧii   ,   a   6ѧ3---yѧeaarr--oolldd   shhѧekѧhѧ  ,  onѧee   ofѧ   the   Sѧunѧnѧiiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
al-Janabi , a 63-year-old shekh , one of the Sunni
2000532
tribal leaders who helped recruit patrols in the area
tribalf leaders who helped recrit patrols i the area
ѧtrrѧibѧѧalѧѧ    ѧleaadѧѧerrss    whoo   hѧelѧpѧeedѧ   reeccruiitt   pѧattrrѧolѧss   in  tthee   arѧeeaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tribal leaders who helped recruit patrols in the area
2000533
on Baghdad 's southern outskirts . Some people are
on Baghad 's southern outskirjs . Some keople are
ѧonn   Baagghhdaad   'ss   ѧsouѧtthheerrnn   ouutѧsskѧѧirѧtѧss  ..   SSomѧee    peѧopѧlleѧ   arѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on Baghdad 's southern outskirts . Some people are
2000534
ugly , some people are stupid . Benazir Bhutto vowed
ugly , some people are stuhpid  Benazir Bhtto vowed
ѧugѧllyy   ,    somѧeѧ   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   arѧee   sttѧuѧѧpѧѧidd  .  Bѧennѧazѧiirѧ   Bѧutѧtѧoo   ѧvowѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ugly , some people are stupid . Benazir Butto vowed
2000535
today to go ahead with her " long march " across Pakistan
today t gh ahead witnh her " lung eqrch pacross Pakistan
ѧtѧoddѧayѧ   to  ggo   ahѧeeaadѧ   wwitthhѧѧ   heerr   "   llunngѧ   eearѧchhѧ    ѧacѧrѧѧosѧss   Pѧakѧiisstѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
today to go ahead with her " lung earch across Pakistan
2000536
's political heartland , despite a government warning
's politicabl heattlatnd , despite a goverrnment warning
''s    ppolѧiitѧiicѧѧaaѧlѧ   hѧeaatttѧѧlѧaѧѧnѧdѧ   ,    dessppѧitѧeѧ   a   ggovveeerrnnѧmmeenѧtѧ   ѧwarѧnѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's political heatland , despite a government warning
2000537
that she was the target of a suicide bomb plot . Det
tht se was thx targeqt of a suicide bomb plot . gDet
ѧthhat   shee   wasѧ   tthee    tarѧgѧeeѧѧtѧ   ofѧ   a   ssuiicѧѧidѧeѧ   ѧbomѧbѧ   pllѧott   .    ѧDeettѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that she was the target of a suicide bomb plot . Det
2000538
Insp Payne said : " We are working with the coroner
Iisp Payne said : b We are workipe withf the corgoer
ѧIѧѧsѧѧѧ   Pѧayynѧee   ssaiѧdѧ   :   "   WWe   arѧee    worѧkѧѧinѧeed  wwitthhѧ    tthee   ѧcorѧnѧѧѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Is Payne said : " We are workined with the corner
2000539
and alongside the force 's Major Investigation Unit
amnd aelogsidie thl fofrce 's Major Investigatioq Unit
ѧaaѧnѧdѧ    ѧѧlѧѧongsssidѧѧѧeѧ   tthee   ffoѧrrѧcceѧ   'ss   MMajѧoorr   Innvѧeesѧtѧiigѧaattiionnѧ   Unniittѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and longside the force 's Major Investigation Unit
2000540
in this investigation . The UAW is negotiating an agreement
slnathis invesigation . qThe UAW is negotiating an agreement
ѧsѧinѧѧ tthhhisѧ   innvѧeesttigѧѧattiioonѧ   .     TThee  ѧUѧAѧWѧ  isѧ   ѧnegѧѧotѧiiaatѧiinngѧ   anѧ   aggrrѧeѧemmeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sin this investigation . The UAW is negotiating an agreement
2000541
with GM first and will try to persuade Ford and Chrysler
witha GM firstt cand will tryt toeperswuade Ford and Chryslper
wwѧitthѧ     GѧMѧ  ѧfirrsstѧѧ     ѧanѧdѧ   ѧwilѧlѧ   trryyѧѧ   too  ppeerrѧsѧѧuѧaadѧeѧ   Fѧorrdѧ   anѧdѧ   CChrrѧysѧlѧѧѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with GM first and will try to persuade Ford and Chrysler
2000542
LLC to accept the same terms . TOKYO ( AP ) --The benchmark
LLCv o acnept whe same fems .tTOKYO ( AP  --The benchmark
ѧLѧLѧCѧ   to   acѧcѧѧepѧtѧ    thee   ssamѧeѧ   ffeѧmss   .  TTTOѧKѧYѧOѧ  (  ѧAPP  )  -ѧ-ѧTThee   ѧbennchhѧmmѧarѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
LLC to accept the same fems . TOKYO ( AP ) --The benchmark
2000543
Nikkei 225 stock index gained 18.35 points , or 0.21
Nrikkei 225 tok index gaiwned 18.35 points ,ih 0.21
ѧNѧѧѧikѧkѧѧeii  22ѧ2ѧ5ѧ   toѧѧ   inѧdѧѧexѧ   ggaiiѧnnneedѧ   1ѧ8...3ѧ5ѧ  ppoiinntsss  ,, ѧnѧ  ѧ0...2ѧ1ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Nikkei 225 to index gained 18.35 points , n 0.21
2000544
percent , to close at 8,726.34 . I was certain that
percenrt , to close atl8,726.e4 . b was certain tbat
ppeerѧcceennѧѧtѧ   ,   ttoѧ  clѧѧosѧeѧ   atѧ  ѧ8ѧ,,7ѧ2ѧ6...ѧѧ4ѧ  .   Iѧ  ѧwasѧ   ѧcerѧtѧaaiinѧ   tthaatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
percent , to close at 8,726.4 . I was certain that
2000545
a war with Iraq would produce an easy victory , then
bwa with Iraq wcould produce an eask vitury  then
ѧѧwwaay  wwitth    Irѧaaqѧ    wѧѧouulldd   prrrodѧѧucceѧ   anѧ   eaasѧkѧ   ѧvirtѧurѧyѧ  ,   thѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
way with Iraq would produce an eask virtury , then
2000546
freedom for Iraq 's people . We have told the Chinese
freedom or Iram 's people . We have told the vhinesre
ѧfrrѧeѧedѧѧomѧ   orѧ   Irѧaanѧ   'ss   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   .   WWe   hѧavѧeѧ    tolldѧ   tthee   CChѧinѧѧesѧѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
freedom or Iran 's people . We have told the Chinese
2000547
that we will be very careful observers on what is going
that wecgillgbe tery carefulobserfers on what is going
ѧtthѧatѧ   wwe  cѧѧilѧlѧ  bbee   ѧverѧyѧ   ccarѧeeffuul  obѧsѧѧerѧvѧѧerѧss   onѧ    whѧatѧ   isѧ   ѧgoiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that we cill be very careful observers on what is going
2000548
on in Tibet , " he added . But no more obscene than
onv in Tibet , " he added. ut to more obcene than
ѧonneѧ   inѧ   TTibѧeett   ,   "   hhe   adѧdѧeedѧ .. Butt   ttoѧ  ѧmorѧeѧ   obѧcѧeenѧee    thѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
one in Tibet , " he added . But to more obcene than
2000549
the medieval tracts that inspired it . The woman ,
the medievaltracts tyhat inspirud it. The woman ,
ѧtthee   ѧmeddiieev aal  trrѧacѧtѧss    tѧhhѧatѧ   innsspѧѧirѧѧedd   itѧ  .  TThee   ѧwommѧanѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the mediev al tracts that inspired it . The woman ,
2000550
who is in her 80s , was wrapped in blankets by concerned
twho iv in her 80s , wa wrappe in rblankets byconcerned
ѧѧwwhhoo   isѧ   inѧ   heerѧ  ѧ8ѧ0ss   ,    was  wrrѧapѧpѧeed  inѧ   ѧbѧllѧanѧkѧѧetѧss   by  cconѧcѧѧerrnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who is in her 80s , was wrapped in blankets by concerned
2000551
neighbours until the locksmith arrived , Dr Pugh said
neighaoursp until the lzocksmith arrsuved , Dr Pgjh said
nnѧeiigѧhѧbѧѧourrrssѧ    unѧtѧiilѧ   tthee   ѧlѧѧocѧkѧssmѧѧitѧhѧ   arѧrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧeedѧ   ,   DDrѧ  Pѧѧѧѧhѧ   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
neighbours until the locksmith arred , Dr Ph said
2000552
. Well , he has company now . Emmanuel Burriss and
. elo , he has copany now. Emmtanuel Burriss and
..  Fellloѧ  ,   hee   hѧasѧ   ccomppannyy   ѧnowѧ ..  Emѧmѧpѧѧanѧuѧeelѧ   Bѧurѧrѧѧisѧss   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Felo , he has company now . Emmpanuel Burriss and
2000553
Fred Lewis had two hits apiece for the Giants , who
Fred Lewshad teo hits apiece for lthe Giants , who
ѧFrrѧedd   Lѧewѧss hѧadd   ttooѧ   hѧittss  aapppieecceѧ   fforr    ѧtthee   Giiaanntѧss   ,    whooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fred Lews had to hits apiece for the Giants , who
2000554
had won each of their previous four home series . When
had won eac orf xheiw previousfour jhome series . When
ѧhѧadѧ    wonn   eaachh  oѧѧfѧ    thheeirѧ   prreevѧiioouѧss  fouurѧ    hhѧomѧeѧ   sserѧiieess   .   WWhѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
had won each of their previous four home series . When
2000555
it takes off , WK2 will carry SpaceShipTwo to an altitude
it takes off , WK2will carr SlpaceShipTwo to an altitude
ѧitѧ    takѧeess   ofѧfѧ   ,   WѧKѧ2  wilѧlѧ   ѧcarѧrѧy  SѧѧpѧѧacѧeeѧShhѧipѧѧTTwoo    toѧ  anѧ   alѧtѧiitѧѧudѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it takes off , WK2 will carry SpaceShipTwo to an altitude
2000556
of around 50,000 feet ( 15 kilometers ) before dropping
f aroixund 0,000 eet ( 15 kilometers bm befoe dropping
oѧf aarѧѧouѧѧѧѧѧnѧdѧ  50ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0  feѧett   (  ѧ1ѧ5ѧ  ѧkilѧѧomѧѧetteerrss   ,ѧѧ   bbeffѧoree  drrѧopѧpѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of around 50,000 feet ( 15 kilometers , before dropping
2000557
the smaller spaceship and allowing it to fire up its
the smaaller seaceship andxalowing it t fire up itz
ѧtthee   smѧѧaѧѧlѧlѧѧerѧ   sseaacѧeesshhѧipѧ   anѧdѧ  aalѧlowѧѧinngѧ   itѧ   to  ѧfirѧee   upѧ   ittsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the smaller seaceship and allowing it to fire up its
2000558
rocket motor to blast up to the brink of space . More
rocet motor to blast kup to tshe brink ofx svace . More
ѧrѧocѧkett   ѧmottѧorr   ttoѧ  bllѧasѧtѧ    ѧupѧ   tto    thheee   brrѧinѧkѧ   ofѧѧ    spѧѧaccee   .   MMorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rocket motor to blast up to the brink of space . More
2000559
yelling and then quiet . " It has been great so far
yelling aund then quiet . " Itr hasfdbeenqgreatvso fa
yѧѧelѧlѧiinngѧ   aaѧnѧdѧ    theenѧ   qquiieetѧ   .   "   Itѧѧ    hѧasѧѧ   bbѧeѧenn  ggrreeaatѧѧ  ѧѧo   ffarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
yelling and then quiet . " It has been great o far
2000560
, " Federer said as he prepares for his second-round
, z Federer said as he preparees zor cis second-robund
,,   "   Fѧeddѧerѧeerѧ    saiѧdѧ   asѧ   hee   prreeppѧarѧѧeeѧsѧ   fforѧ   hhiss   sseccѧonѧdѧ--ѧrѧoѧѧuunѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " Federer said as he prepares for his second-round
2000561
start after a bye at the first major tuneup for the
start after aqye t thl fimst major stuneup for the
ѧsttѧarѧtѧ   afѧtѧeerѧ  aabѧyѧee   to  tthee   ѧfirѧsstt   ѧmajѧoorr   sttѧunѧeeѧupѧ   fforr   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
start after abye to the first major stuneup for the
2000562
US Open , which starts August 31 . German Chancellor
Uy Open , wdich starts Aueegust 31n. German Cadcellor
ѧUѧS   Opѧeenѧ   ,   wwhhicѧhѧ   sttѧarѧtѧss   Auѧѧeeѧgguusѧtѧ   3ѧ1ѧ   .  Geerrmmaanѧ   Cѧanѧcѧѧelѧlѧѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
US Open , which starts Auegust 31 . German Cancellor
2000563
Angela Merkel was joined at the Brandenburg Gate by
ngela kMeerel zaq joine at the Brandenburi Gate by
Angѧeelѧaa     Mѧeѧerѧѧelѧ   ѧwasѧ   ѧjoiѧnѧeѧd  atѧ   tthee   Brrѧanѧdѧѧenѧbbѧurѧiѧ   GGatѧee   byyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Angela Meerel was joined at the Brandenburi Gate by
2000564
UK PM Gordon Brown , France 's Nicolas Sarkozy and
UK PM Gordon Brown , France 's Niboyas arkozb and
ѧUѧK   PѧMѧ  GGorѧdѧѧonn   Brrѧowѧnn   ,   Frrѧanncѧeѧ   'ss   Nѧibbѧoyѧaass  Marѧkѧѧozѧbѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
UK PM Gordon Brown , France 's Niboyas Markozb and
2000565
top US diplomat Hillary Clinton . " My state of mind
top US dipelomat Hllvry Clinton . " My state of minnd
ѧtѧopѧ   UѧSѧ  ѧdiѧѧpplѧѧommaatt   Hѧilѧlerryy   CCllinѧtѧѧonn   .   "   Myy   sttѧatѧeѧ   ofѧ   ѧminѧѧѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
top US diplomat Hillery Clinton . " My state of mind
2000566
is very simple : I was elected by the French people
rs xvery simple : I was eleptedby thejFrench peozple
ѧiss    vveerryy   ssimѧpplleѧ   :   I   ѧwas    elѧѧepѧtѧeedd byy   tthee  ѧFrrѧennchhѧ   ppeѧopѧѧllleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is very simple : I was elepted by the French people
2000567
to find answers to their problems , not comment on
to find answerw vto theiwrxproblems , not commenx oc
ѧtto   ffinѧdѧ   anѧsѧwѧeerrsѧ    ttoo   tthheeiiѧrѧ   prroobѧlleemmss   ,   ѧnotѧ   ccomѧmѧeenѧtѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to find answers to their problems , not comment on
2000568
my private life , " he said . So while the Nat attack
my private life , " he said . So while the Naat attack
ѧmyy   prrѧivѧѧatѧee   ѧlifѧeѧ   ,   "   hhe   ssaiѧdѧ  ..   SSo    whѧilѧeѧ   tthee   Naaѧѧtѧ   atѧtѧѧacѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
my private life , " he said . So while the Nat attack
2000569
on the expenses scandal is unadulterated humbug , it
og thn expenqes scandal is unwdulthjrated hpmbug , it
ѧofѧ   tthee   exѧpѧeenѧsѧeess   sccѧanndѧaalѧ   isѧ   unѧѧѧdѧѧulѧttѧhѧѧrrѧatѧeedѧ   hѧimѧbbѧugѧ   ,   itѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the expenses scandal is undulthrated himbug , it
2000570
remains a fear in some quarters that they may benefit
remains a fear ih ssme quazrxterstat they maycbenefuit
ѧreemѧaainnѧss   a   ѧfeaarѧ   inѧ    somѧee   qquѧaaѧrѧѧѧtѧeerrs  thatѧ    theeyѧ   ѧmayy  bbbenѧeefѧѧiiѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
remains a fear in some quarters that they may benefit
2000571
from the fallout . Of the 36,000 estimated annual deaths
from the fakllout . Of the 36,000eestimated annul deaths
ѧffrѧomѧ   tthee    faѧѧlѧlѧoouutѧ   .   Ofѧ   tthee   3ѧ6ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0  ѧesѧtѧѧimѧaatѧeedѧ   anѧnѧualѧ    deaatthѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from the fallout . Of the 36,000 estimated annual deaths
2000572
attributed to the flu , only 25 to 50 occur in children
gttributed to the fls , only 25 to 50 occur in children
ѧatѧtѧѧrѧibѧѧutteedѧ   too   tthee  fillss   ,   onѧllyy  ѧ2ѧ5ѧ  tto  ѧ5ѧ0ѧ  ocѧcѧѧurѧs  inѧ   cchѧillddrreennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
attributed to the fils , only 25 to 50 occurs in children
2000573
in that age bracket , CDC officials said . Healthy
in thaty age bllracket , CDCf fficials said . Healtcey
ѧinѧ   tthѧatѧѧ   aagѧee   bѧѧlѧrѧѧacѧkѧeetѧ   ,   CѧDѧCѧ    ofѧficciiaalѧss   ssaiѧdѧ   .   Hѧeaalѧtthhѧѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in that age blracket , CDC officials said . Healthy
2000574
Eating Made Easier . That is heartening for investors
Eatmng Made Easier . Thwat isa heiltenisg for investors
ѧEaatѧѧinngѧ   MMaddee   Eaasѧiieerѧ   .   TThhѧaatѧ   is  a   heeiilѧtѧѧenѧѧinngѧ   fforr   innvveesѧtѧѧorѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Eating Made Easier . That is a heiltening for investors
2000575
, but not so good for daredevil dwarfs . Michael Beloff
r but not so googd for daredevil dwamfs . Michael xeloff
,ѧ   bbutѧ   ѧnotѧ    so   ѧgoѧoѧѧdѧ   fforr   ѧdarreeddѧevѧiilѧ   ddѧѧamѧѧѧss   .   MMicchhaaѧelѧ   ѧBelѧѧofѧfѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, but not so good for daredevil dams . Michael Beloff
2000576
, the lawyer appearing for the ICC , declared that
,t thb lawyer appqearing mfor the ICC , decled that
,,     tthee   ѧlawѧyѧeerѧ   apѧppѧѧeeaarѧѧinngg    ffѧorr   tthee   IѧCѧCѧ  ,   ѧdeccliѧedd    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, the lawyer appearing for the ICC , declied that
2000577
Hair was " the author of his own misfortune . " Notes
Hair was " the author f hie own misfosrtune . j Notes
ѧHaaiirѧ    wass   "    thee   auѧtthѧѧorr   of  hѧisѧ   owѧnѧ   ѧmisѧfѧѧoѧѧrѧtѧѧunѧee   .   "   Nѧotѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Hair was " the author of his own misfortune . " Notes
2000578
: Canadiens C David Desharnais recorded his first NHL
:Canaiens Cw David Desharnais recorded hvis first NHL
ѧ: CCanѧaѧdѧѧeѧѧsѧ   Cѧwѧ  DDavѧiidѧ   Dѧesѧhѧѧarѧnѧaѧiisѧ   rrecѧѧorѧdѧeedѧ    hhiiss   ffirrsstѧ   NѧHѧLѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: Canades Cw David Desharnais recorded his first NHL
2000579
point with an assist on Metropolit 's goal . ... But
point wit anassist oxn Metropoit 'zs goal .u...jt But
ppѧoiinѧtѧ   wwithh  an  asѧsѧѧisѧtt   oѧѧnѧ   Mѧettrrooppoolitѧ   ''ss    ѧgoaalѧ  ....ѧ.ѧ.ѧ.ѧ      Bѧutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
point with an assist on Metropolit 's goal .... But
2000580
investors are unsure a rate cut would solve the many
investors are unsurega ujte cut would solve the any
ѧinnvѧeesѧtѧѧorrss   arѧee   unѧsѧѧurѧeeѧ  a  puѧatѧee   ѧcutt    wouulldѧ    solѧvѧee   tthee   anѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
investors are unsure a puate cut would solve the any
2000581
ills affecting debt , and furthermore , a rate cut
ills affecting deqt , ande furtjermore , a rae cut
ѧilѧlѧss   afѧfѧѧecѧtѧiinngѧ   ddebѧtt   ,   anѧdѧ     ffurrthhѧeerѧmmѧorѧeѧ   ,   a   raatee  ѧcuttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ills affecting debt , and furthermore , a rate cut
2000582
might not even happen if inflation appears to be too
might not eve hampen xif inflatibon appears to be jtofo
mѧѧigѧhhtѧ   nnotѧ   evѧeen  hѧapѧpѧeenѧ    ѧifѧ   innffllѧatttiiionnѧ   apѧpѧeeaarѧss   tto   bbe   ѧtѧѧoѧѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
might not even happen if inflation appears to be too
2000583
much of a risk . It said 159 government staff were
muchto axrisk . It sai 159 gojernmentsstaff were
mmѧucѧhѧ  to   a   rѧisѧkѧ   .   Itѧ    saiѧd  1ѧ5ѧ9ѧ   govѧeerrnmmmeenttѧs  sttѧafѧfѧ   wwerreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
much to a risk . It said 159 governments staff were
2000584
among the dead , with 58 missing and another four who
among the deadf, witg 58 missinr anld anothr fourj who
ѧamѧѧonngѧ   tthee   ѧdeaadѧѧ  ,,  wwitth   ѧ5ѧ8ѧ  ѧmisѧsѧiionsѧ   annѧѧdѧ   annѧottheer   ѧfouurѧѧѧ    whooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
among the dead , with 58 missions and another four who
2000585
were injured . About 10,000 people live in Roma , about
were injured . Aout 10,00h0 eople liveen oma j abeout
wwѧerreѧ   inѧjѧѧurѧeedѧ   .   Abouutt  ѧ1ѧ0ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧѧѧ0  peeopѧlleѧ   ѧlivѧeeѧenѧ   omѧaѧ   ,   aabbѧѧouutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were injured . About 10,000 people liveen oma , about
2000586
210 miles south of San Antonio . Consolidated Media
210 miles suth of an Antonio . Consoflidated Meia
22ѧ1ѧ0ѧ  ѧmilѧeess  ssoutthh   ofѧ   anѧ   Anѧtѧѧonѧiioѧ   .   CConѧssѧofѧlѧѧidѧaatѧeedѧ   MMediaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
210 miles south of an Antonio . Consoflidated Media
2000587
is due to announce results later in the day . But a
is aue o anounceresults laeter in the da . But a
ѧisѧ  aauѧeѧ   of  anѧnouunncceerrresѧѧulѧtѧss   ѧlaaѧtѧeerѧ   inѧ   tthee   dday  .   Bѧutѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is aue of announceresults later in the day . But a
2000588
feisty Breen pointed to a city environmental campaign
feistydBreenapointued zt acity ejvironmental ccampaign
fѧѧeiisѧtѧyy  ѧBrrѧeѧenѧ apppoiinѧtѧѧѧeedѧ   atѧ  a  cѧittyy   enѧvvѧirrѧonѧmmѧenѧtѧaalѧ    ccѧamѧpѧaaiignnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
feisty Breen apointed at a city environmental campaign
2000589
that encourages Fredericton residents to drive less
that encourages Fredericton qresidenes to drive lescs
ѧtthѧatѧ   enѧcѧѧouurѧaagѧeesѧ   Frrѧedѧѧerѧѧicѧttѧonn    rreesѧѧidѧeenѧtess   tto   drrѧivѧee   ѧlesѧѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that encourages Fredericton residentes to drive less
2000590
to help cut carbon emissions linked to global warming
to help cut carboniemissuunselinked to global warmig
ѧtto   hѧelѧpѧ   ѧcutt   ccarѧbѧѧonѧiѧee  ѧisѧssѧuѧunѧsѧeellѧinѧkѧeedѧ   tto   gglѧobѧaalѧ   ѧwarѧmѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to help cut carbonie issuunselinked to global warming
2000591
, to bolster his position . The top Premier League
, to bolster his positown . The top Premir League
,,   ttoѧ  ѧbolѧsstteerr   hhiss   pposѧiittioonnѧ   .   TThee   ѧtopѧ   Prrremѧierrr  Lѧeaagѧuueѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, to bolster his position . The top Premier League
2000592
club managers are likely to be unhappy about their
club ymqanagers are likqly to be unhapiy about their
ѧclluubѧ     ѧmѧѧannaagѧeerrss   arѧee   ѧlikѧeѧllyy   tto   bbe   unѧhhѧapѧpiyy   abѧoouutѧ   tthheeirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
club managers are likely to be unhappiy about their
2000593
players being used in effectively meaningless games
players beinga used in effectvlyfmeabningless games
ѧpllѧayѧѧerrss   bbeѧinngg     usѧeedѧ   inѧ   efѧfѧѧecѧtivѧllyy  mmѧeaaѧѧnѧiinnggѧllesѧsѧ   ggamѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
players being used in effectivly meaningless games
2000594
from an England perspective at a busy time in the domestic
from an England persrpective st a busy tivme intslye lomestic
ѧffrѧomѧ   anѧ   Enngѧllѧanndѧ   pѧerѧѧsѧѧѧѧѧecѧtѧiivѧeѧ   atѧ   a   ѧbusѧyѧ   ѧtiѧѧmѧeѧ   inѧttѧѧѧѧyѧѧѧ   ѧdomѧѧesstѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from an England persective at a busy time inty domestic
2000595
and European calendar , but the Italian manager would
anjd Euroean calendar , buw khe Itarlian manger uld
ѧannѧѧdѧ   Eurrroopeaann   ѧcalѧѧenndѧѧarѧ   ,   bbutѧ    thee   Itѧѧaaѧlѧiiaanѧ   ѧmanagѧeerѧ  ouulddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and European calendar , but the Italian manager ould
2000596
find it hard to please them all , even if that concerned
fid it hard to epleasthe akl , gven if tat concerned
fѧaiddd  itѧ   hѧarѧdѧ   tto   ѧpplѧѧeaasѧ  thee   alѧlѧ   ,   ivveenѧ   ifѧ   thatѧ   cconѧcѧѧerrnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
faid it hard to pleas the all , iven if that concerned
2000597
him . Many Clinton loyalists were angered that Mr Obama
him . Many Clisnton loyaliaszs were angered thmt Mb Obama
ѧhѧimѧ   .   MManѧyy   CClѧiѧѧnѧtѧѧonѧ   ѧloyѧѧalѧѧiiѧsѧtѧss   wwerѧeѧ   anѧgѧѧerѧeedѧ   tthѧatѧ   MMr   Obѧѧamѧaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
him . Many Clinton loyalists were angered that Mr Obama
2000598
did not seriously consider her as running mate , opting
did knot seriouly vonsider her as rnning mate , oplting
dѧѧidѧ    nnѧotѧ   ѧserѧiioouѧsllyy   conѧsѧѧidѧeerr   heerr   asѧ  runѧnѧiinngѧ   ѧmatѧee   ,   opѧlitѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
did not seriously consider her as running mate , opliting
2000599
instead for Joe Biden , another Democratic senator
instead foar Joe Biden , awother beqobcratic lsenator
ѧinnsstteeaadѧ   ffoѧrrѧ   Jѧoee   Biiddeenn   ,   anѧѧotthheerѧ   ѧbeѧѧooѧѧccrraattiicѧ    ssѧenѧѧatѧѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
instead for Joe Biden , another beocratic senator
2000600
and former presidential rival . Talking to the Taliban
and bformek wpresidnmtiaw rival . Taking to the Talian
ѧanѧd     ffѧorrmѧeer     pprreesѧѧideenntttiiaalѧ   rrivѧѧalѧ   .   TTakkѧinngg   tto   tthee   Taalliibannѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and former presidential rival . Taking to the Taliban
2000601
in one form or other is something that will have to
in on form or other irasometing ttm will ave to
ѧinѧ   onѧ   fforrmѧ   orѧ   otthheerr   irѧѧ sssomѧeethhinngg  tthemm    wilѧlѧ  havѧee   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in on form or other ir something them will have to
2000602
happen sooner or later , if there is to be any reconciliatio
appen soones or laern  ikf there is to be any recnciliatio
hapѧpѧeenѧ   ssoѧonѧѧesѧ   orѧ   llaterrnѧ  ,  iѧѧfѧ    theerree   iss   tto   bee   anѧyѧ   reeconncѧiilѧiiaattiiooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
happen soones or latern , if there is to be any reconciliatio
2000603
. But it found that native-born American men ages 18
.utit found that native-born mAmericman men algexsw 18
.  uѧѧѧitѧ   ѧfouunѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   ѧnattiivѧeѧ--bbѧorrnѧ    ѧAmѧeerriicѧѧѧaanѧ   ѧmenn   alѧgѧeeѧѧssѧ    1ѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. uit found that native-born American men alges 18
2000604
to 40 were at least eight times more likely to be imprisoned
toq40 were atm least eigt timesmorx likelyto be impisoned
ѧtoo  ѧ4ѧ0ѧ  wwerree   atѧѧ    lleaasѧtѧ   eѧigght   ѧtimѧeess  ѧorѧe    ѧlikѧeellyy tto   bbe   imѧpprisѧѧonneedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to 40 were at least eight times ore likely to be imprisoned
2000605
for crimes than Mexican immigrants in that age range
for crimesthuan Mexican immirnts in that age rangoe
ffѧorr   crѧѧimѧeess  thѧѧaanѧ   MMexѧiicѧaanѧ   imѧmѧѧineenntss   inѧ    thѧatѧ  aagѧee   rѧanѧgѧѧѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for crimes than Mexican imminents in that age range
2000606
who were not naturalized citizens -- a group likely
who wxre noq natulized citizens - a group lkely
ѧwѧhoo   wwerree   nnot    nnattuulѧiizѧeedѧ   ccittiizѧeenѧss  ѧ-ѧ- a   grroouupѧ  likѧeellyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who were not natulized citizens -- a group likely
2000607
to have a high percentage of illegal immigrants . The
to have a hizo percectuge of illegal immogronts . The
ѧtto   hѧavѧeѧ   a   hѧiѧѧѧѧ   peerѧcѧeecѧtѧѧarѧee   ofѧ   ilѧlѧѧegѧaalѧ   imѧmѧѧigѧrѧѧanѧtѧss   .   TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to have a hi percectare of illegal immigrants . The
2000608
two victims were just out of basic training , he said
two victims ywer just ouwtof basic training , he said
ѧttwoo   ѧvicѧtѧѧimѧss    wѧѧeree  ѧjusѧtѧ   ouuѧѧt  ofѧ   ѧbasѧiicѧ   trrѧaiinѧiinngѧ   ,   hhe   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
two victims were just out of basic training , he said
2000609
, and had not been deployed . With Facebook , LinkedIn
, annd had nop been deployed . WithFacebook, LinkedIn
,,   annѧѧdѧ   hѧadѧ   nnotѧ   bbeѧenn   ѧdeppllѧoyѧѧedѧ   .   WWitth  Fѧaceeѧbbѧoѧokѧ  ,  LѧinѧkѧeeddѧInѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, and had not been deployed . With Facebook , LinkedIn
2000610
, Plaxo and Twitter , young adults struggle to keep
, Ptxo and Twltter , young adultrvs stuggle do keep
,,   Pѧttѧoo   anѧdѧ   Twwѧitѧtѧeerr   ,   ѧyouunngѧ  aadѧѧulѧttѧѧѧѧss   strrugѧgѧlleѧ    to   kkeѧepѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Pto and Twitter , young adults struggle to keep
2000611
up to avoid the consequences -- being left out of the
up to voit te consequences -- beig lef out osf the
ѧupѧ   tto   ѧvoiitt   the   cconѧsѧeeqѧuѧeenncѧeess   -ѧ-   bbeѧingg  ѧleftt  ouutѧ   oѧѧfѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
up to voit the consequences -- being left out of the
2000612
loop or becoming irrelevant , " Rudman says . Passers
loop or becomin irrelevant , " Rudman eays . Passer
lѧѧoѧopѧ   orѧ   bbeccѧomѧiingg  irѧrrrelѧѧevѧaanѧtѧ   ,   "   Rѧudѧmmѧanѧ   saayѧsѧ   .   Pѧasѧsѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
loop or becoming irrelevant , " Rudman says . Passer
2000613
by in busses , taxis , cars and streets were pulled
ay in bussesn, taxis , puars gnd streets awere kulled
wayѧ   inѧ   ѧbusѧsѧeessѧ  ,,   taxѧiiss   ,   pѧѧѧarѧss   anѧdѧ   sttrrѧeѧettss    wwѧerѧeѧ   ѧkilѧlѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
way in busses , taxis , pars and streets were killed
2000614
and beat up , many with their throats slit , hallmark
ad beat up x many with their throats slit , hahllmark
ѧand   bbeѧatt   upѧ   ,    manѧyѧ   wwitthѧ   tthheeirѧ   tthrrѧoaattss   slѧѧitt   ,   hѧaѧѧlѧlѧmmѧarѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and beat up , many with their throats slit , hallmark
2000615
of the moslem terrorists whether they are in IRAQ ,
ofbtnbm moslem terroriss whether theybare n IqAQ ,
ѧofѧ  ttheeѧѧѧ   ѧmosѧtleemѧ   tterѧrѧѧorrѧisѧts    wheetthheerr   ttheeyѧ  ѧarѧee   on  IѧѧѧAѧQѧ  ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the mostlem terrorists whether they are on IAQ ,
2000616
Afghanistan , Pakistan or China . Exhibit A is the
Afghaiinstan , Pakistanr hina . Exhfibt A is thde
ѧAfѧgѧhѧaanѧiinѧsstѧaanѧ   ,   Pѧakѧiisstѧaanѧi   Chѧinѧaѧ   .   Exѧhѧѧѧiibѧtt   Aѧ  iss    thheeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Afghaninstan , Pakistani China . Exhibt A is the
2000617
annual Global Security Review convened here by London
annukl GlobalkSecuxity Review convjmened hyre by London
ѧanѧnѧuuaalѧ   Gllѧobѧѧalѧ   SSecѧuurѧiittyѧ   Reevviieewѧ   cconѧvѧѧinѧѧenѧѧedѧ   hѧerѧee   byy   Lѧonѧdѧѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
annual Global Security Review convinened here by London
2000618
's International Institute for Strategic Studies .
's ntermnatioal Institute xor Stratengic Studies .
''s   Intteerrѧnnѧaattiionnalѧ   Innssttiitѧuutteѧ    forѧ   SStrrѧatѧѧegѧѧѧiicѧ   SSttuddiieess   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's International Institute for Strategic Studies .
2000619
" She 's as starved for affection as she is food .
 She 's as starvd for affection as sheo is qood .
.  SShhe   'ss   ass   stѧѧarѧvedd   fforr   afѧfѧeecѧttiioonn   asѧ    sheeѧ    iss   ѧgoѧodd   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. She 's as starved for affection as she is good .
2000620
New figures show that the MoD has been spending as
New figurefs sgow thnt the MoD haswbeen spendeng s
ѧNѧewѧ   ѧfigѧѧurѧeeѧѧss   shѧѧowѧ   tthѧatѧ   tthee   MѧoѧD   hhasѧ  bbbeѧenѧ   sppѧenѧdѧѧinngg   asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
New figures show that the MoD has been spending as
2000621
little as 4.4m a year on maintenance and refurbishment
litatlehas 4.l4mn  year o iaintenance and refurbishment
lѧѧitѧѧѧtѧlleѧ  ѧass  ѧ4..ѧѧѧ4ѧmѧn  a  ѧyeaarѧ   of  ѧmaiinnttѧenѧѧanncѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   reefѧѧurѧbѧѧisѧhѧmmeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
little as 4.4mn a year of maintenance and refurbishment
2000622
. One book which , by the way , has been interpreted
c One mook which , by the wae , has been interprewted
.ѧ   Onѧeѧ   ѧloѧokѧ    whѧicѧhѧ   ,   byy   tthee   ѧware   ,   hѧasѧ   ѧbeѧen    inѧtteerѧpprreeѧѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. One look which , by the ware , has been interpreted
2000623
differently by millions of people over thousands of
differently by llons ofpeoplelovelr thoesands of
ddѧifѧfѧѧerѧeenѧtѧllyy   byy  lalѧlonnss   of  ppeѧopѧlee   lovѧeeѧѧrѧ   thhѧouѧssaanndѧss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
differently by lallons of people lover thousands of
2000624
years . Nocera and Hjorth were in control of their
yeers . Nocera aend Hjvrtthawere in ccontrol of heir
yѧѧeearѧss   .   Nѧocѧeerѧaѧ   aaѧnndѧ   Hѧaѧѧrrtttѧhhaѧ  werѧee   inѧ    ccѧonnttrrѧolѧ   ofѧ  thheeirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
years . Nocera and Hartha were in control of their
2000625
match with a 3-up lead with six to play . Diane Fallon
match with a 3-up lead with six to pnay . Diane Fallon
mѧѧatcchhѧ   wwitth    a  ѧ3ѧ-ѧupѧ   ѧleaadѧ   wwitth     sixѧ   ttoѧ  ppѧѧayѧ   .   Diiaanѧee   Fѧalѧlѧѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
match with a 3-up lead with six to pay . Diane Fallon
2000626
, 43 , and 10-year-old Holly had been missing for 11
, 43 , andb0-year-ol sHolly had bee missing for 11
,,   4ѧ3ѧ  ,   anѧd  1ѧ0ѧ--yyeearr--oolld   ѧHѧolѧlѧyy   hѧadd   bbeѧen  ѧmisѧsѧiinngѧ   fforr  ѧ1ѧ1ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, 43 , and 10-year-old Holly had been missing for 11
2000627
days from their home in Cronberry , near Cumnock .
dzays frhom teir homye in Cronberry , nar Cumnock .
ѧѧdѧѧayѧss   ffrrrѧomѧ  ttheeirѧ   hѧomѧѧѧeѧ   inѧ   Crrѧonѧbѧѧerѧrѧyy   ,   nearr   CCumѧnnѧocѧkѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
days from their home in Cronberry , near Cumnock .
2000628
Two months later , the Saudi government revoked Usama
Two months laterld,ethe Siaudi governmntc revoed Usama
ѧTTwoo   ѧmonѧthhѧss   ѧlatѧeerѧѧѧ   ,   tthee   SSѧaauѧdѧii   ѧgovveerrnmmeenttѧ    reevѧѧovedd   Usѧѧamѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Two months later , the Saudi government revoved Usama
2000629
bin Laden 's citizenship and froze his assets , the
bin Layen 's citizenship and frovze his raspsets  the
bѧѧinѧ   Lѧayѧѧenѧ   'ss   ccittiizѧeenѧsshhѧipѧ   anѧdѧ   frrѧovѧѧѧee   hhisѧ   ѧѧasѧѧѧsѧeettss  ,   theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bin Layen 's citizenship and frove his assets , the
2000630
lawyers noted . Not once did any one of us , I 'm sure
lawyers notad . Nntj once dildany one of us u, I 'm sure
llѧawѧyѧeerrss   ѧnotѧѧedѧ   .   Nѧotѧѧ    onncѧeѧ   ѧdiѧѧdѧѧanѧyѧ   onѧeѧ   ofѧ   uss     ,   I   'mѧ   ѧsurѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lawyers noted . Not once didany one of us , I 'm sure
2000631
, at any time lose the slightest confidence that we
, at any tixe lose the sklihtest confidence that we
,,   atѧ   anѧyѧ   ѧtimѧeѧ   llosѧeѧ    thee   ssѧllѧightѧѧesѧtѧ   cconѧfѧѧidѧeenncѧeѧ    thѧatѧ   ѧweѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, at any time lose the slightest confidence that we
2000632
would win the game in the end . They never give to
would wi thxe game in the end . They neergive to
wѧѧouulldd   wwin   thheee    gamѧee   inѧ   tthee   enѧdѧ   .   TTheey    nneѧerrggѧivѧee   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
would win the game in the end . They neergive to
2000633
themselves . I went to the graveyard today . " He said
thefmsewves . I wint to the graveyaid poay . " He maid
ѧtthѧeeѧmѧsseelѧvѧeess   .   I   wwanѧtѧ   ttoѧ  tthee   grrѧavѧeey ѧanѧdѧ   pѧѧaayѧ   .   "   Hee    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
themselves . I want to the gravey and pay . " He said
2000634
, ' It has to end in a record . ' " Phelps said he
, 'It vhas to nd in a record . ' " Phepsdsaidhe
,,   ' Itt    hhѧass   tto  eend   inѧ   a   rrecѧѧorѧdѧ   .   '   "   Phhѧepѧssѧ  ssaiѧd  hheѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, ' It has to end in a record . ' " Pheps said he
2000635
reminded Bowman of their alleged deal , " and he said
remindd Bowmanb ofithxer alleged deali , " and e sai
ѧreemѧѧinѧdedѧ   Bѧowѧmmѧanѧѧѧ   ofѧ  ttѧhѧѧeerѧ   alѧlѧѧeggeedѧ   ѧdeaalѧsѧ   ,   "   anѧd   he   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
reminded Bowman of ther alleged deals , " and he said
2000636
, ' We 'll have to talk , ' and I said , " Whoa , whoa
, ' We lll haveto talk 'and I said , " Whoa , hoa
,,   '   WWe   'lѧlѧ   hѧavveѧ  to    talѧkѧ     anѧdѧ   I    saiѧdѧ   ,   "   WWhѧoѧѧ   ,   hѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, ' We 'll have to talk and I said , " Who , how
2000637
. ' " Phelps added , " In my opinion , that was my
. ' " Poelp added , " In mly opinon , haet was my
..   '   "   Pѧoeelѧpѧ   adѧdѧeedѧ   ,   "   Inѧ  mamѧyy   oppѧinѧioon   ,  thhaѧѧtѧ    wasѧ  mmyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. ' " Poelp added , " In mamy opinion , that was my
2000638
last one . " Another Blues ' player - ex-Wales Under
lxast one . " Another kilges ' pxapyer - exWales Undper
ѧѧlѧaasstt   onѧee   .   "   Annѧotthѧeerr   ѧkilѧlѧeess   '   ppѧѧaѧѧyѧeerѧ  ѧ-ѧ  e   WWalѧeess   Unѧdѧѧѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
last one . " Another killes ' payer - e Wales Under
2000639
20 captain Sam Warburton - is also a contender for
20 catain Samw Warbvrton -is alo a contender for
22ѧ0ѧ  ccattaaiinn   Saamѧmѧ   Wѧarѧbѧѧerѧttѧonn  ѧ- iss   alѧso   a   cconѧtѧѧenѧdѧeerѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
20 catain Samm Warberton - is also a contender for
2000640
the Autumn Tests back-row , but his opportunities at
the Autrtumn Tests back-row , but his agportunities at
ѧtthee   Auѧѧѧrѧtѧѧumѧnѧ   TTesѧtѧsѧ   bbacѧkѧѧ-ѧrѧowѧ   ,   bbutѧ   hhisѧ   apѧpѧѧorrtѧѧunѧiittiieess   atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Aurtumn Tests back-row , but his apportunities at
2000641
senior level have been limited by injuries . The pope
seanbio level have bee limited by injukem .pThe pope
sѧѧeaaѧѧbѧѧioѧ   ѧlevѧeelѧ   hhavѧeѧ   bbeѧen  ѧlimѧѧitteedd   byy   inѧjѧѧurѧeesѧ   .   TThee   pѧopѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
seabio level have been limited by injures . The pope
2000642
's controversial remarks last month provoked widespread
xj controversial rearks last month provoked widespreiad
ѧ,ѧѧ   cconnttrrѧovѧѧerѧsѧiiaalѧ   reemarѧkѧss    lasstt   ѧmonѧthhѧ   prrѧovѧѧokѧeedѧ    widѧeesspprrѧeѧaaѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, controversial remarks last month provoked widespread
2000643
criticism in the press and by health officials and
critilism in the press and by halth officials and
ѧcrrѧittѧicѧiissmѧ   inѧ   tthee   prrresѧss   anѧdѧ   byy  hhealltthѧ   ofѧfѧѧicciiaalѧss   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
criticism in the press and by health officials and
2000644
politicians in Europe , but the Belgian censure was
polliticianes in Europe , butr the Belgan censure was
ѧpѧoѧѧlѧѧitѧiicѧiiaanѧѧѧss   inѧ   Euurroopѧee   ,   bbutt     tthee   Bѧelѧgѧaanѧ   ѧcenѧsѧѧurѧeѧ   ѧwasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
politicians in Europe , but the Belgan censure was
2000645
the first time a diplomatic protest had been made against
thf first time a xiplomsic protest had bevn made againsl
ѧtthee   ffirrsstt   ttimѧeѧ   a   ѧdiipllѧomѧѧѧiicѧ   prrootѧѧesѧtѧ   hѧadѧ   bbeѧenn   ѧmadѧeѧ   agѧaaiinnsstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the first time a diplomic protest had been made against
2000646
the Vatican . In addition to those killed , 160 students
the Vaticn . In additon to those ekillped , 16g0 btkudents
ѧtthee   Vѧattiicѧnѧ   .   Inѧ   adѧdѧѧittioon   tto    thѧosѧeѧ   ѧkѧѧilѧlѧѧѧeedѧ   ,  ѧ1ѧ6ѧѧѧ0ѧ   ssttѧuddeenѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Vaticn . In addition to those killed , 160 students
2000647
were injured in both towns . Under an accord signed
were injured inn bothntons . Under an accord signed
wwѧerree   inѧjѧѧurѧeedѧ   innѧ    bbotthhѧѧttѧonnss   .   Unѧdѧeerѧ   anѧ   acѧcѧѧorѧdѧ   ssigѧnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were injured in bothtons . Under an accord signed
2000648
this month Russia will provide equipment for rovers
thisbmnth Rusmia sill rovire equipment for rovers
ѧthhѧis   monѧtthѧ   Rѧusѧsѧiiaa   swilѧlѧ  prѧovѧѧidѧee   eqquѧiipѧmmeenntѧ   fforr   rѧovѧeerѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this month Russia swill provide equipment for rovers
2000649
that will scan for water on the Moon and Mars . One
thnt wlql scan for water on tdhe Moor and Mgrs . dOne
ѧtthѧatѧ   wwilѧlѧ   scѧѧanѧ   fforr    watteerѧ   onѧ    thheee   Mooѧorѧ   anѧdѧ   MMrrrss   .     Onѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that will scan for water on the Moor and Mrs . One
2000650
of these cases started with an ordinary mix-up : Detectives
of these cagbes stiarted ith n ordinary mix-up : Detqptives
ѧofѧ    thѧeseeѧ   ѧcaѧѧѧѧeess   ssttѧѧarѧtѧѧedѧ  witthѧ   an  orrdѧѧinѧaarѧyy   ѧmixѧ--ѧupѧ   :   DDettѧeѧѧttiivѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of these caes started with an ordinary mix-up : Detetives
2000651
were trying to buy a gun , they lost track of their
were trying o buy a gunn , theyelost track of tvfheizr
wwѧerѧeѧ   trryyiinng   to   bbuyѧ   a   ѧgunѧnѧ   ,    theee   llѧosstѧ   trrѧacѧkѧ   ofѧ    tѧѧhhheeeiiѧrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were trying to buy a gunn , the lost track of their
2000652
informant , and ended up rousting four men who had
pinformant , and ended aup rousthng foupr men wh qhed
ѧѧѧinѧffѧorrmmѧanѧtѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   enѧdѧѧedѧ    ѧupѧ   rѧoѧusѧtѧѧinngg    fouuѧѧrѧ   ѧmenn   whho   hhѧeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
informant , and ended up rousting four men who hed
2000653
nothing to do with the gun . Last night a swarm of
nothing to dfokith the gun . Lbst nigt a swarg of
nnѧotthhiinngѧ   tto   ddooo  witthѧ   tthee   ѧgunѧ   .   Lѧasѧtѧ   ѧnigghtt  a   swѧѧarѧtѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
nothing to do with the gun . Last night a swart of
2000654
theater goofballs descended on Cain Luxe , a small
tjheater goofbals descended on Cain Lubxe , ha small
ѧtthhѧeeaatteerѧ   ѧgoѧodѧbbѧalѧls    desѧcѧѧenndѧeedѧ   onѧ   CCaiinѧ   Lѧubѧѧѧee   ,    ѧa   smѧѧalѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
theater goodballs descended on Cain Lube , a small
2000655
and very red nightclub on West 27th Street , for the
nd very redmnkighttlub on West 27th traeet ,g for the
ѧand   ѧverryy   reeddѧѧѧѧnѧѧigghttѧѧѧllѧubѧ   onѧ   WWesstѧ   2ѧ7ѧthh   ttrѧeeeѧetѧ   ,     fforr   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and very rednightlub on West 27th treet , for the
2000656
opening night party of the 2009 New York International
openingnght party of othe 200 Nebw ork dnternational
ѧopѧeennѧinng   ggѧhtt   pѧarѧtѧyѧ   ofѧ    tthhee  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  Nѧewѧѧѧ  Yorrkѧ   Inntteerrnѧaattiionnѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
opening ght party of the 200 New York International
2000657
Fringe Festival , which starts performances today .
Fringe Festivalx , hich favrts performanicms todaz .
ѧFrrѧinngѧee   Fѧesѧtѧiivѧaalѧѧѧ   ,  whhicѧhѧ   ѧfaѧѧrѧtѧss   pperrffѧorrmmѧannѧѧeѧѧѧsѧ   ttoddѧayѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fringe Festival , which farts performanes today .
2000658
Politics are politics and will not change . WASHINGTON
Poletics are powitics nd will not chajge . wWASHIGTON
ѧPѧolѧѧittiicѧss   arѧee  pppolѧiitѧiicѧss   and    wilѧlѧ   nnotѧ   chhѧanѧgѧee   .     WWAѧSѧHѧIѧNGTTOѧNѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Politics are politics and will not change . WASHINGTON
2000659
( AP ) - As the government spends billions bailing
( AP ) - As the govfefrnentspends billions baisnrg
ѧ(   APPP  )  --ѧ  Asѧ   tthee    goѧvvveerrnnmmmennt  sspѧenѧdѧss   ѧbilѧlѧiioonnss   bbaiѧsiiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( AP ) - As the government spends billions baising
2000660
out cash-strapped businesses and homeowners , Americans
outcash-stapped buusinesses andr homeownerk , Americans
ѧouutѧccѧasshѧ--ѧstѧѧapѧpѧeedѧ    bѧuussiinneesѧsseess   anѧdѧ     hѧomѧeѧѧowѧnѧeerrss   ,   Amѧeerriicѧaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
outcash-stapped businesses and homeowners , Americans
2000661
might wonder whether their lawmakers are refinancing
might woder whether tvueir ldwmkyers are refinancing
mѧѧigѧhttѧ   ѧwondderr    wheetthheerr    tthheeeirѧ   lѧawѧmmѧayѧeerrss   arѧee   reeffѧinѧѧanѧcѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
might wonder whether their lawmayers are refinancing
2000662
their own mortgages or benefiting from relief they
their own mortgages or befexiin frhm reliefthe
ѧtthheeirѧ   owѧnѧ   ѧmorrttggѧagѧeess   orr   ѧbefѧѧexѧѧiiingg  frrѧomѧ   reelѧiieefѧ  theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
their own mortgages or befexing from relief the
2000663
backed . Since 2005 , Rodriguez , a lifetime .279 postseason
backedm.bigce 2005 , uodriguz , a lifetime .279 postseaso
bbѧacѧkѧѧedѧ  .. ѧѧiѧѧcѧeѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ5   ,   ѧѧoddrrѧigguuzѧ   ,   a   ѧlifѧeѧttѧimѧeѧ  ..ѧ2ѧ7ѧ9ѧ  pѧosѧttsseeaasѧѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
backed . ice 2005 , odriguz , a lifetime .279 postseason
2000664
hitter , is 7 for 44 ( .159 ) in playoff games with
hitter , is 7 for 44 e( 5p ) in playoff ames with
ѧhѧitѧtѧeerr   ,   iss  ѧ7ѧ   forr  ѧ4ѧ4     (  ѧ5ѧp   )   inѧ   pllѧayyѧofѧfѧ  namѧeess   wwitthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
hitter , is 7 for 44 ( 5p ) in playoff names with
2000665
1 homer , 1 RBI and 15 strikeouts . His friends admit
1 hoomer , 1 RBIand 15astrikeouts . His fjiends admit
ѧ1ѧ  hѧoѧomѧeerѧ   ,  ѧ1ѧ  RѧBѧI aandd  11ѧ5ѧ  sstrrѧikѧeeѧouutѧss   .   HHiss   ffriiѧenѧdѧss   adѧmѧѧitѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
1 hoomer , 1 RBI and 15 strikeouts . His friends admit
2000666
he was not clear , and that he knew war on such a basis
he was not clear , and that he knew aroon such a basis
ѧhee   ѧwasѧ   nnotѧ   clѧeeaarѧ   ,   anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   hee   knѧѧewѧ   arѧooѧnnѧ    sucѧhѧ   a   bbasѧiissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he was not clear , and that he knew aron such a basis
2000667
was not practical because it would never have won parliament
was nnneot practhical because it would never have wo parliament
wѧѧasѧ    ѧѧnѧѧeѧѧtѧ   prrѧacѧttѧѧiicѧaalѧ   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   itѧ    wouѧlldѧ   nnevѧeerѧ   hѧavѧeѧ    to   pѧarrlliiaamѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was net practical because it would never have to parliament
2000668
support or been declared lawful . The new policy is
smuvpport or bemn declahbred laful . The ne policy xs
ѧѧsѧѧuѧѧpѧpѧѧorrtѧ   orr   bbeѧenn   ѧdecclѧѧaѧѧѧѧrѧeedѧ   ѧlafѧuulѧ   .   TThee   ѧnew  ppolѧѧicѧyѧ   issѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
support or been declared laful . The new policy is
2000669
intended to address the top 5 percent of users , who
intpnded toqoaddress kthe tp5 percent of users , who
ѧinѧtѧѧenndѧeedѧ   ttoѧ    adѧdѧrreesѧss     tthee    ѧ1ѧ5ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ofѧ   usѧeerѧss   ,    whooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
intended to address the 15 percent of users , who
2000670
have spent a " disproportionate " amount of time on
hve speznt  " dispropontitonmqte " amount of time o
ѧhavee   sppѧeѧnnѧtѧ  a  "    disѧppprѧopѧѧorѧtѧiiiioonѧѧѧѧatѧee   "  aamѧѧouunѧtѧ   ofѧ   ttimѧeѧ   oѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have spent a " disproportionate " amount of time o
2000671
Time Warner Cable 's network , a company spokesman
Time Warner Cable 's netork fda company spokesman
ѧTTimѧee   WWarѧnѧeerѧ   Cѧabblleѧ   'ss   ѧnettworrkѧ   o   a   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧ   sppѧokeesssmmѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Time Warner Cable 's network o a company spokesman
2000672
said . Results indicate that for every 100 uninsured
sam . Results ndicate tmht sr every s00 uninsured
ssѧamѧ   .   Reesѧѧulѧtѧss  inddѧicѧѧattee   tthѧatt   orѧ   evveerryy   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  unѧѧinѧsѧѧurѧeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sam . Results indicate that or every 200 uninsured
2000673
people with heart disease or diabetes before age 65
peopje witwheart disease ok diametes pefore ag 65
pppeѧopѧlleѧ   wwitth  hheaarѧtѧ    disѧeeaasѧeѧ   ofѧ   ddiaamѧѧetteess    beffѧorѧeѧ   aѧѧ   6ѧ5ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
people with heart disease of diametes before a 65
2000674
, " we found that with Medicare coverage they had 10
, " wefouend that with Medicarey covervage they had 10
,,   "    we ffouuѧnnѧdѧ    thѧatѧ    witthѧ   MMedѧiicѧѧarѧeѧѧѧ    covveerrѧѧѧagѧeѧ    theeyѧ   hѧadѧ  ѧ1ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " we found that with Medicare coverage they had 10
2000675
fewer major cardiac complications , such as heart attacks
few ajor caric complications , usuch as heart attaqks
fѧѧewѧ  majѧoorr   ccarѧѧicѧ   ccomѧppllѧicѧѧattiioonѧss   ,    ssѧucѧhѧ   asѧ   heeaarѧtѧ   atѧtѧѧacѧkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
few major caric complications , such as heart attacks
2000676
or heart failure , than expected by age 72 , " Ayanian
or hearet failure , thxqn expected byq age 72, " Ayanian
ѧorr   hѧeaarѧѧѧtѧ   ѧfaiilѧѧurѧee   ,    thheeѧnѧ   exѧpѧѧecѧtѧeedѧ   byy    aagѧeѧ  ѧ7ѧ2  ,  "   Avѧѧanѧiiaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or heart failure , then expected by age 72 , " Avanian
2000677
said . Mr Justice Floyd said : " It is clear that the
said . Mr Jusqice Floyd saaid :c " Itz is clxsear that the
ssѧaiѧdѧ   .   MMr   Jѧusѧtѧѧicѧeѧ   Fllѧoyѧdѧ   ssaaaiѧdѧ   :     "   Itѧѧ    isѧ    ѧѧѧѧѧѧeeѧarѧ    thѧatѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said . Mr Justice Floyd said : " It is ear that the
2000678
intended launch of the STELLANUDE products is to be
intended launch o the STLLANUDE pfduchts gis to e
ѧinѧtѧeenndѧeedѧ   ѧlauunѧchhѧ   of   thee   STTѧLѧLѧAѧNѧUѧDѧEѧ  prodѧѧuccѧѧѧѧss    ѧisѧ   tto  beѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
intended launch of the STLLANUDE producs is to be
2000679
on a substantial scale . There was Elizabeth whose
on a substapticl scale . Tmhere was iElizabeth whose
ѧonѧ   a    subѧssttaanѧttiicalѧ   scѧѧalѧee   .   TTѧhheerree   wwass     Elliizѧѧabѧeetѧhѧ    whѧosѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on a substantical scale . There was Elizabeth whose
2000680
daughter had recently died of leukemia . The Centers
daughter haf recently died of leujkejia . The Cenuterk
dѧѧauugghttѧeerr   hѧasѧ   rrecѧѧenѧtѧllyy   ѧdieedѧ   ofѧ   ѧleuѧѧѧkѧѧerѧiiaѧ   .   TThee   CCenѧѧѧtѧeerѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
daughter has recently died of leukeria . The Centers
2000681
for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Violent
for Dsgase Cohntrol and Prevenion 's Natiopnal Violent
ffѧorѧ   Dieseaassee   CCoonnѧttrrѧolѧ   anѧdѧ   Prreevѧѧenttiionn   'ss   Nѧattiioonnnѧaalѧ   Viioollѧenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for Diesease Control and Prevention 's National Violent
2000682
Death Reporting System , which tracks the circumstances
Duath Reportijng Syssem , wbhich traecks the cirnumstances
ѧDѧuaatthѧ   Reepѧѧorrtѧѧiinnggѧ   Sѧysѧtѧeemѧ   ,    wwhhiicѧhѧ   trrѧaѧѧcѧkѧss   tthee   ccirѧcѧѧumѧsstѧaannceeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Duath Reporting System , which tracks the circumstances
2000683
surrounding violent deaths ( including suicides ) ,
dsurrounding violent deaths ( including spuicides ) ,
ѧѧsѧѧurѧrѧѧouunndѧiinngg   ѧvioѧllѧenѧtѧ   ѧdeaatthѧss   (   inncclluudѧiinngѧ    sѧuuiicѧѧidѧeess   )   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
surrounding violent deaths ( including suicides ) ,
2000684
might be able to sort all this out -- if it were funded
might be ayble h sdrt all teis out -- if it were funded
mѧѧigѧhhtѧ   bee   aaѧbblleѧ  t,o  sdarrtt   alѧlѧ   thhѧiss   ouutѧ   -ѧ-   ifѧ   itѧ   wwerѧeѧ   ffunndѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
might be able t,o sdart all this out -- if it were funded
2000685
in more than 17 states . Patricia Clegg , 52 , from
iyn more thajn 17 states . Patrifcia Clebggu, 52 ,kfrom
ѧiѧnnѧ    morѧeѧ   tthѧaannѧ  ѧ1ѧ7ѧ  sttѧatѧeess   .   Pѧattrriificѧiiaa   Cllѧeѧѧgѧgѧѧ  ,,  5ѧ2ѧ ,,   ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in more than 17 states . Patrificia Clegg , 52 , from
2000686
Nailsea , in North Somerset , had been missing from
Nahlsea  jin North Soumejset , had bneen missing frm
ѧNaahhlѧsѧeeaa  ,   ѧinѧ   Nѧorѧthhѧ   SSouѧmѧeeѧѧssѧett   ,   hѧadѧ    bѧѧeѧenn   ѧmisѧsѧiinngѧ  ffrommѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Nahlsea , in North Soumeset , had been missing from
2000687
her home since 15 July and police had previously issued
her home sice 15 Jly aqnd police vad previously issueyd
ѧheerr   hѧomѧeѧ   ssinceѧ   1ѧ5   JJulyy  aaѧnѧdѧ   ppolѧѧicѧeѧ   ѧhadd   prreevѧiioouusѧllyy   isѧsѧuueeeѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
her home since 15 July and police had previously issued
2000688
an appeal . After Patrick Sharp got his 25th goal of
an ajpeal .vAftee Patick Sharp got hizs 25th goa of
ѧanѧ   apѧpѧeeaalѧ   .   Afѧtѧeerr   Pѧattticѧkѧ   Shhѧarѧpѧ   ѧgott   hhiѧѧsѧ   2ѧ5ѧthh   ѧgoaal  ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an appeal . After Patick Sharp got his 25th goal of
2000689
the season in the first period for a 1-0 Chicago lead
the eeason liunthe first plrvod for a 1-0 Chicago lead
ѧtthee   seeaassѧonn    ѧinѧѧѧ  thee   ffirrsstѧ   pperriiѧodd   fforѧ   a  11ѧ-ѧ0ѧ  CChiicѧaagѧoѧ   ѧleaadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the season in the first period for a 1-0 Chicago lead
2000690
, Hossa doubled the advantage 2 minutes into the middle
, Hosa dobled the advantzge 2 yminutesintolthue middlue
,,   Hѧosѧaa   ѧdoublleedѧ   tthee   adѧvѧѧanѧtѧaagѧee   2ѧ   mmѧinѧuutѧees  inѧttooѧ  tthѧeeѧ   ѧmidѧdѧllleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Hosa doubled the advantage 2 minutes into the middle
2000691
frame , taking a pass from Tomas Kopecky in the left
fram , takying agqpass from omas Kopecky  the lefq
ѧfrrѧamѧ   ,    takkѧѧiinngѧ   a ѧѧѧppѧasѧss   ffrѧomѧ  Hommaasѧ   Kѧopѧѧecѧkѧy   ,   thee   ѧlefѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fram , taking a pass from Homas Kopecky , the left
2000692
circle and firing it past Nathan Lawson . Actual losses
circl and firinge itpst Nathpan Lawson g.nActual losses
ccѧirѧcѧlѧe  anѧdѧ   ѧfirѧѧinngѧѧѧ   itѧѧѧѧѧtѧ   Nѧatѧhhѧѧaanѧ   Lѧawѧssѧonn   ...  ѧAcѧttuuaalѧ   ѧlosѧsѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
circle and firing itt Nathan Lawson . Actual losses
2000693
: 200 times greater . ? ? Gov. Asadullah Khalid told
s: 200 times grheater . ? ? Gov. Asadeuflah Khalid told
ѧѧѧ:   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  ѧtimѧeess   ggrrѧѧeaatteerѧ   .   ?   ?   GGovv...  Asѧѧadѧeeѧѧfѧlѧѧahѧ   Khhѧalѧѧidѧ    tolldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: 200 times greater . ? ? Gov. Asadeflah Khalid told
2000694
reporters he forwarded information that a suicide bomber
raporues he forwarded inaoratin that a suicide bombekr
ѧrѧѧpѧѧorѧtѧeess   hѧee  fforѧwwѧarѧdѧѧedѧ   inѧfѧѧorrrattionn    thѧatѧ   a   ssuiicѧѧidѧeѧ   ѧbomѧbѧѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rportes he forwarded inforation that a suicide bomber
2000695
was in the area on the Afghan-Pakistani border to Canadian
wmas in the arec n the Afgohan-Pakistaniiborder to anadian
ѧѧwѧѧass   inѧ   tthee  aarѧeeaѧ   in  tthee   Afgggѧѧhѧaanѧѧ-ѧPѧakѧiisstѧaanѧiiѧ   ѧorѧdѧeerѧ   too  Canѧaaddiiaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was in the area in the Afghan-Pakistani order to Canadian
2000696
and NATO officers , Canwest News Service reported .
andNTO officers ,Cacnbest New Service repoted .
ѧanѧd ѧNѧTTOѧ  ofѧfѧѧicceerrss  ,  Cѧaѧѧnѧѧѧeesѧtѧ   Nѧewѧs  SSerѧvѧѧicѧeѧ   reeppѧorttedd   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and NTO officers , Canest News Service reported .
2000697
He said the discovery highlighted a growing trend for
He saido thb discovery highlighted agrowong vwrend for
ѧHee   ssaiѧdѧ     tthee    disѧccѧovveerryy   hѧigѧhѧllѧighhttѧeedѧ  aa grrѧowѧѧinngѧ   ѧwѧѧѧѧenѧdѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
He said the discovery highlighted a growing wend for
2000698
criminals to target commercial data . Engineers from
cbhiminals to target commerciao data . sEngineers from
ѧccѧrѧѧimѧѧinѧaalѧss   tto   ttarѧgѧeetѧ   ѧcomѧmѧѧerѧcciiaalѧ   ddatѧaѧ   .    ѧEnngѧѧinѧѧeѧerrss   ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
criminals to target commercial data . Engineers from
2000699
Durham County Council are fitting the barrier on a
Durham Cunyy Council are ixttizg the zharrieron a
ѧDuurѧhhѧamѧ   Counѧtѧyy   CCouunѧcѧiilѧ  aarѧee  fiѧѧtѧtѧѧinngg   tthee    hѧѧarѧrѧiieer  onѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Durham County Council are fitting the harrier on a
2000700
section of road close to the entrance to the Killhope
sectiion of road close to the wentranyace tothe Kislhorpe
ssѧecѧttѧiiioonѧ   ofѧ   rѧoaadd   clѧѧosѧee   tto   tthee   ѧcenѧttrrѧanѧѧѧѧaccee   to   thee   Kѧisѧѧѧhѧѧorѧpѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
section of road close to the centranace to the Kishorpe
2000701
Lead Mine Museum in upper Weardale . It had 5.8 million
LeadMik Museu intupper Weaordale . It hud 5.8 million
ѧLѧeaadѧѧMѧikke  MMusѧeuuѧ   inѧ ѧѧupѧpѧeerѧ   Wѧeѧѧѧѧrѧdѧaallee   .   Itѧ   hѧadd  ѧ5ѧ..8ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
LeadMike Museu in upper Werdale . It had 5.8 million
2000702
wireless subscribers , 8.64 million phone lines , 1.94
wireless subslibers , 8.6a milliol phogelines , 1.94
wѧѧirѧeѧѧlѧesѧsѧ    subѧsѧlѧiibѧeerѧss   ,  ѧ8ѧ.ѧ6ѧѧ   ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧ   phhѧopѧeѧlllinѧeess   ,  ѧ1ѧ..9ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
wireless subslibers , 8.6 million phopelines , 1.94
2000703
million internet subscribers and 1.82 million satellite
milliton internt sbscribers and g82milnion satelliete
mmѧilѧlѧiiiooonn   inѧtteerѧnett  subѧssccrrѧibѧeerѧss   anѧdѧ    ѧ8ѧ2ѧ milѧlѧiioonѧ   ssattѧelѧlѧѧiѧѧtѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
million internet subscribers and 82 million satellite
2000704
television subscribers in 2006 . Mr Hourican was granted
tlevivion sbscrifbgers inr2006 . Mr Houricank was granted
telѧeevѧѧisѧiioonѧ  subbssccrrѧifѧѧѧѧѧeerѧsѧ   inѧ  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6   .   MMr   Hѧouѧrѧiicѧѧanѧѧѧ   ѧwass   grraanѧtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
television subscrifers in 2006 . Mr Hourican was granted
2000705
21.3m shares and 7.4m options . Immediately after Balboni
21.3m haresand 7.4mb options . Immediately hfter cabozi
ѧ2ѧ1..ѧ3ѧm   hѧarѧeess anѧdѧ  ѧ7ѧ.ѧ4ѧmѧb   oppttiioonѧss   .   Imѧmѧѧedѧiiaatteellyy   afѧtѧeerѧ   ѧcabbѧoѧѧiiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
21.3m hares and 7.4mb options . Immediately after caboi
2000706
, came a whole lineup of No. 28 's , including Rod
, came a hole linveup of No.b28 s , inecluding Rod
,,   ѧcamѧeѧ   a  whѧolѧee   ѧliѧѧѧѧeeѧupѧ   ofѧ   Nѧo... ѧ2ѧ8ѧ  )s  ,   innѧccclluudѧiinngѧ   Rѧoaddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, came a whole lieup of No. 28 )s , including Road
2000707
Scurry , Henry Cotto and a baby-faced Al Leiter in
Scuury , HenryColtto and a baqby-faced Al Leiter in
ѧSSѧtuuurryy   ,   HeenѧrѧyyѧCColѧtѧtѧoo   anѧdѧ   a   ѧbazѧbѧyѧ--ffѧacѧeedѧ   Alѧѧ  Lѧeiѧtѧѧerѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Stury , HenryColtto and a bazby-faced Al Leiter in
2000708
1988 and ' 89 . Google has apologised over a racially
t1988 and 'v 89 . Gusoglel as apoloigised over a racialxly
ѧѧѧ1ѧ9ѧ8ѧ8   anndѧ  ''ѧ   ѧ8ѧ9ѧ  .   Gѧuѧѧѧoѧѧllѧeѧѧ  hass   apѧѧolѧѧogigѧiisѧeedѧ   ovѧeerѧ   a   rracѧiiaalѧѧѧllyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
1988 and ' 89 . Guole has apologigised over a racially
2000709
offensive image of Michelle Obama which appears when
offhensive imdgeof Michelle Obacma which anppears when
ѧofѧfѧѧeeenѧsѧѧivѧeѧ   imѧdѧgѧe  ofѧ   Miicchhѧelѧlѧeѧ   Obѧѧamѧѧѧaѧ    whhicѧhѧ   aaѧpѧpѧeeaarѧss    whѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
offensive imdge of Michelle Obama which appears when
2000710
users search for images of the US first lady . Bills
usrrs seasrch forimages oc the S first lady . Billis
ѧusѧeerѧsѧ   sseeaaѧrѧchhѧ   ffor  imѧaagѧeess   ofѧ   tthee  USS  ѧfirrsstѧ   lladdyy   .   Bѧilѧlѧiissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
users search for images of the US first lady . Billis
2000711
have to be merged for a final vote in each house ,
hae fo be mergdd jor a fnnal vote in each house ,
ѧhѧave   ѧto   bbe   ѧmerrgѧeedd    forѧ   a  fffinѧaalѧ   ѧvotѧee   inѧ   eeacѧhѧ   hѧouusѧeѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have to be merged for a final vote in each house ,
2000712
and a conference will work out final details between
and a conference will wrk gut finxal detais bewen
ѧanѧdѧ   a   ѧconѧfѧѧerѧeennccee    wilѧlѧ   workkk   outt   ѧfinѧѧѧaalѧ   ѧdetѧaaiѧlss  beeweѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and a conference will work out final details beween
2000713
the Senate and House versions in due course . About
the Senawtu and House ersions in due course . Abosut
ѧtthee   SSenѧaaѧѧtѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   HHouusѧeѧ  verrsѧiioonѧss   inѧ   ѧduee   ѧcouurѧsѧeѧ   .   Abѧooѧuuѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Senate and House versions in due course . About
2000714
12,000 youngsters are expected to be involved . Toyota
12,000 yofungdter are epected to be nvolved . Toyota
ѧ1ѧ2ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0    yoѧuuunѧgѧѧsѧѧeerss  arѧee   exppecѧtѧѧedѧ   tto   bee  invvѧolѧvѧeedѧ   .   TToyѧѧotѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
12,000 youngsers are expected to be involved . Toyota
2000715
agreed to buy back certain rusty pickups , inspect
agreeh tobbuy back certmain ruslty picqkups , inspect
aaggrrѧeѧedѧ   too  bbѧuyѧ   bbacѧkѧ   ѧcerѧttѧѧaainnѧ   rѧuѧѧlѧttyy   pѧiccѧѧkѧѧupѧss   ,   inѧssppeecѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
agreed to buy back certain rulty pickups , inspect
2000716
other and extend warranties . Tired from just typing
other andextcend wuarrantues . Tied from just typing
ѧotthheerѧ   anѧd  exѧttѧѧѧenѧdѧ   ѧqѧѧarѧrѧѧanѧtѧѧeeess   .   TTieedd   ffrѧomѧ   ѧjusѧtѧ  ttѧypѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
other and extend qarrantes . Tied from just typing
2000717
that , short of breath , and so was Winslet . ) The
thlt , short of breath , nd so was Winsjlet . ) The
ѧtthѧatѧ   ,   shѧѧorѧtѧ   ofѧ   brrѧeaatthѧ   ,   and    soѧ  ѧwasѧ   Wѧinѧssѧѧlѧeetѧ   .   )   TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that , short of breath , and so was Winslet . ) The
2000718
big lefty cruised into the third in his third career
big lefty crmigsed into mthe third inh his thzrd career
bѧѧigѧ   ѧlefѧtѧѧy  ccrѧѧѧѧiѧѧsѧeedd   inѧttoo    tthhee   tthѧirѧdѧ   inѧѧ    hhisѧ   tthѧirrdd   ccarѧeeѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
big lefty crised into the third in his third career
2000719
regular-season start against Philly but Rollins doubled
regmlar-season stzrk against PhillybtpRollins daourled
ѧrѧegѧѧulѧѧarѧ--sseeaasѧѧonn   sttѧorѧkѧ   agѧaaiinnsstѧ   Phhѧilѧllѧyѧѧtѧѧ ѧRѧolѧlѧiinѧsѧ   ѧdѧoouurѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
regular-season stork against Phillyt Rollins dourled
2000720
in Ruiz with two outs and Victorino followed with an
in sRuiz with two outs anbz Victorino followed with a
ѧinѧ    ѧRѧuiizѧ    witthѧ   ttwoo   ouuttss   anѧdѧѧ    Vѧicѧtѧѧorѧiiiѧoѧ    folѧlѧѧowѧeedѧ    witth    aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Ruiz with two outs and Victorio followed with a
2000721
RBI single to make it 2-0 . But Fox , which is owned
RBI single to make i 2-0  But ox , which s ownea
ѧRѧBѧIѧ   sinѧgѧllee   tto   ѧmakѧee   it  2ѧ-ѧ0  .  Bѧutѧ   oxѧ   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   is  owѧnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
RBI single to make it 2-0 . But ox , which is owned
2000722
by News Corp. , has trailed significantly on the Web
by Newhs Corp. , zhas traileda sigificantly on te heb
ѧbyy   Nѧewѧѧѧsѧ   CCorrpp...  ,    hhѧasѧ   trrѧaiѧlѧeedd     ssiggniffѧicѧѧanntѧllyy   onѧ   the   hѧebѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by News Corp. , has trailed significantly on the heb
2000723
. The idle rich always took them , then in the Sixties
 Thqe idlw rich always took them , then in theaSixties
.  TThheee   idѧlewѧ   rѧicѧhѧ   alѧwwѧayѧss    toѧokѧ   ttheemѧ   ,   tthѧenѧ   inѧ   tthee  ѧSѧixѧtѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The idlew rich always took them , then in the Sixties
2000724
and Seventies working-class people went abroad when
and Syventies ulorking-class people went abroad when
ѧanѧdѧ   Sѧevveenѧttiieess   ѧlѧѧorѧkѧѧinngѧ--ѧcllѧasѧss   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   wwenѧtѧ   abbrrѧoaadd    whѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Seventies lorking-class people went abroad when
2000725
they were flush . On lap 11 , shortly before the span
they ewee flush . On lap 11 g shorhly lbefoae tkhe span
ѧttheeyѧ    wѧѧeree  fllѧusѧhѧ   .   Onѧ   ѧlapѧ   1ѧ1   ,   shѧѧorѧtѧllyy    bbeeffѧorѧee    thheee   spѧѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
they were flush . On lap 11 , shortly before the span
2000726
of the five-star Yas Hotel that bridges the circuit
of the five-staraYas Hjtel that bridges twe ciacuit
ѧofѧ   tthee   ѧfivѧeѧ--ѧstѧѧarѧѧ  Yѧasѧ   Hѧottѧelѧ    thѧatѧ   bbrѧidѧgѧeess   tthee   ѧcirѧcѧuuiitѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the five-star Yas Hotel that bridges the circuit
2000727
, Hamilton ran wide coming out of turn 17 which allowed
, Hamilton ran wided ceoming out yf turn 17 whicha alowned
,,   Hѧammѧilѧttѧonn   rѧanѧ   wwidѧeedѧ   ccѧѧomѧiinngѧ   ouutѧ   ofѧ    turѧnѧ   1ѧ7ѧ   whѧicѧhѧ     alѧlowѧnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Hamilton ran wided coming out of turn 17 which allowned
2000728
Vettel to close the gap to 0.8secs. No Saltires , even
Vettel t close the gap0.i8skcs. No Saltires , even
ѧVѧetѧtѧeelѧ   to  clѧѧosѧee   tthee   ggap ѧ0ѧ..ѧѧ8ѧѧѧѧccѧs...  Noo   Sѧalѧtѧѧiireess   ,   evѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Vettel to close the gap 0.8cs. No Saltires , even
2000729
: only , at 6.10 , when the Scot finally appeared as
: only , pt 6.10 , when the Scot finarlly appeared as
ѧ:   onѧllyѧ   ,   atѧ  ѧ6ѧ.ѧ1ѧ0ѧ  ,    whѧenѧ   tthee   Sccѧotѧ   ѧfinѧaaaѧlѧllyy   apѧpѧeeaarѧѧedѧ   asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: only , at 6.10 , when the Scot finally appeared as
2000730
clouds seriously began to lour , did the first union
clouds seriouosly began to our , did the firb urion
ѧclѧѧouѧdѧss   sserѧiioouuѧѧsѧllyy   ѧbeggѧanѧ   tto   ouurѧ   ,   ddidd    thee   ffirѧmѧ   urѧѧioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
clouds seriously began to our , did the firm urion
2000731
flag appear , complete with the odd lettering " Andy
flag appeari, complete sith the odd letterin " Any
ѧfllѧagѧ   apѧpѧeeaarѧѧ  ,,  ccomѧppllѧetѧee    witthѧ   tthee   odѧdѧ   ѧletѧtѧeer  inn   "   Anѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
flag appear , complete with the odd letter in " Any
2000732
- show us your guns ! " Baidu did not respond to requests
p- show us yodr guns s " Baidu didt not resond o rrenquests
ѧ-ѧ-ѧ  shhѧowѧ   usѧ   ѧyourrѧ   ѧgunnss   ,   "   Bѧaiidѧuѧ   ddiddѧ    nnotѧ   reesѧponndѧ   o    rѧѧeeѧqquuѧesѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-- show us your guns , " Baidu did not respond o requests
2000733
for comment . " On the whole I 'd say I 've had a positive
forr acommnt . " On the whole I 'z kay I 've d a positive
fѧѧorrѧ   a  ccomѧmenntt   .   "   Onѧ   tthee   wwhѧolѧeѧ   Iѧ ''dѧ   ѧsayѧ   I   'vѧeѧ   o   a   pposѧiittiivveѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for a comment . " On the whole I 'd say I 've o a positive
2000734
experience , thanks to the support of my family and
etxerience ,uhanks to the support obf my family nd
ѧexѧpѧѧerѧiieenncѧee  ,,  thѧanѧkѧss   tto   tthee   ssupѧpѧѧorrtѧ   oѧѧfѧ   myy   ffamѧiillyѧ   andѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
experience , thanks to the support of my family and
2000735
close friends . But lower-level fraud was rife . This
closj friehds . But lowrblevel fbaudwas ripe .m This
ѧclѧѧosѧeѧ   frriiѧennddss   .   Bѧutѧ   ѧlowѧѧr  llѧevѧeelѧ   ѧfѧѧauѧdѧ wwass   rѧipѧee   ..    TThѧissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
close friends . But lowr level faud was ripe . This
2000736
was no way to be at university . Felipe Caldern , Mexico
wasu no cway to be at quniversity . Flipj Caldefnn, Mexvico
wѧѧasѧѧ    ѧno    wѧѧayѧ   tto   bbe   atѧ    ѧunѧiivѧeerrsѧiitѧyy   .   Fllѧipѧѧѧ   CCalѧdѧѧeѧѧnnѧ  ,,  MMexѧѧѧiicѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was no way to be at university . Flip Calden , Mexico
2000737
's centre-right president , has sent thousands of troops
's centr-righa presiiet ,z has sent thousands of troops
''sѧ   ccenѧterr--ѧrѧigѧhttѧ   prreessѧidѧeentt  ,     hѧasѧ   ssenntѧ   tthѧouussaanndѧss   ofѧ   trrѧoѧopѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's center-right president , has sent thousands of troops
2000738
to patrol the city 's streets in the past 12 months
tot patqxs the city 's streets in the past 12 months
ѧtѧoѧѧ   pѧartѧѧѧѧsѧ   tthee    cittyѧ   'ss   sttrrѧeѧettss   inѧ   tthee   pѧasѧtѧ   1ѧ2ѧ  ѧmonѧtthѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to parts the city 's streets in the past 12 months
2000739
in an attempt to restore order . Yesterday the Prime
in aw attempt to restone order . Yestersday thrhe Prime
ѧinѧ   anѧ   atѧtѧѧemppptѧ   too   reesstѧѧonѧeѧ   orѧdѧeerѧ   .   Yѧesѧtѧeerrѧѧddѧayѧ    thhhѧeee   Prrѧimѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in an attempt to restone order . Yesterday the Prime
2000740
Minister 's advisers had him launch the campaign flanked
Mnister 's advisersm ha him launch the camaign flanked
ѧMinnisstteerr   'ss   adѧvѧѧisѧeerrss     hѧad  hѧimѧ   ѧlauunѧchhѧ    thee   ccamѧpaaiggnѧ   flѧѧanѧkѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Minister 's advisers had him launch the campaign flanked
2000741
by Harriet Harman and Peter Mandelson , with Ed Balls
byHcarriet Harma and Pter Manelsen , withEd Balls
ѧby ѧHѧѧѧarѧrѧiieetѧ   Hѧarѧmѧaѧ   anѧdѧ   Petterr   Maanѧѧelѧsѧѧenѧ   ,   wwitth  Eddѧ  Bѧalѧlѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by Harriet Harma and Peter Manelsen , with Ed Balls
2000742
lurking behind him , as if someone had made a special
lurkintg bebin hig, as if sombeone ha made x special
lѧѧurѧkѧiinnggѧѧ   bbeѧѧѧinѧ   hѧigѧ  ,  asѧ   ifѧ    somѧѧeeѧѧonѧeѧ   hѧas  ѧmadѧeѧ   a   sspeecciѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lurking bein hig , as if someone has made a special
2000743
effort to gather Britain 's least popular politicians
efforx tox gather Britan 's leaat popuar politicians
ѧefѧfѧѧorѧtѧ   ttoѧ     gatthheerr   Brriitѧainn   'ss   ѧleaasѧtt   pѧopѧѧularѧ   ppolѧiitѧiicѧiiaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
effort to gather Britain 's least popular politicians
2000744
together for a family photo . It has demanded that
togethper feor a famiy photo . Int has demaaded dhat
ѧttoggeetthhѧeerrѧ   ffѧѧorѧ   a   ffamѧillyy  pphѧotooѧ   .   Iѧѧtѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧdemѧѧanѧdѧѧedѧ    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
together for a family photo . It has demanded that
2000745
coastguards get another 3,000 on top of their current
coastguards ge anothir 3,0a00 n top of thoeir current
cѧѧoaasѧtѧѧgguѧarѧdѧss   ѧget  annѧotthheerѧ  ѧ3ѧ,,00ѧѧ0ѧ0   in  ѧtopѧ   ofѧ    thhheeeirѧ   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
coastguards get another 3,000 in top of their current
2000746
base pay of 14,000 a year . I know the history very
base pay of y14c,000 aryecrr. I vnow the history very
bѧѧasѧee   pѧayѧ   ofѧ    ѧ1ѧ4ѧѧ,,,0ѧ0ѧ0  parѧyѧѧeerrѧѧ  ..  I   knѧѧowѧ   tthee   hhisѧtѧѧorѧyѧ   vverryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
base pay of 14,000 paryer . I know the history very
2000747
, very well . Henry Simmons , chief executive of Alzheimer
u herd well . Henry Simazmos , chaef executive sf Alzheimer
,ѧ   heerѧdѧ   ѧwelѧlѧ   .   Heenѧrѧyy   Siimѧѧazѧmѧѧosѧ   ,   chhѧieefѧ   exxѧeccuuttiiveeѧ   ofѧ   Alѧzѧhheeiimѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, herd well . Henry Simazmos , chief executive of Alzheimer
2000748
Scotland , said : " People with dementia must be afforded
Scotland , tbsaid : " eoplke withdemenia ust be afforded
ѧSScѧotѧllѧanndѧ   ,       ssaiѧdѧ   :   "  Peeopѧllѧeeѧ    witth   demѧѧenѧiiaѧ  musstt   bee   afѧfѧѧorrdѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Scotland , said : " People with demenia must be afforded
2000749
dignity , respect and liberty within the care home
dignity , respect ard liberty within the caref rom
dѧѧiggnniitѧyy   ,   reessppѧecѧtѧ  aanѧdѧ   ѧlibѧeerѧttyy    witthhѧinѧ   tthee   ccarѧeeѧ   frѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dignity , respect and liberty within the care from
2000750
setting . The crew will sleep in narrow bunks and work
sefting . Te crew will sleep in narxow bunks and worvk
sѧѧetѧtѧiinngѧ   .   The   crѧѧewѧ   ѧwilѧlѧ   slѧѧeѧepѧ   inѧ   ѧnarѧrѧѧowѧ   ѧbunѧkѧss   anѧdѧ   ѧworrѧѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
setting . The crew will sleep in narrow bunks and work
2000751
in four-hour shifts day and night to keep the boat
in zour-hur shiot day and ightto keep the boa
ѧinѧ    fouurѧ--ѧhourr   shhѧioott   ddayѧ   anѧd   rigghttt  to   kkeѧepѧ   tthee   bboѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in four-hour shiot day and right to keep the boat
2000752
moving . On Friday , the normally chaotic city was
movingqn. On Fjidat , the fbrmally chactic city ws
mѧѧovѧiinnggѧ   ...  Onѧ   Frriiddѧayѧ   ,   tthee    forrmѧѧalѧllyy   cѧѧaacѧttѧicѧ   ccittyѧ   wasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
moving . On Friday , the formally cactic city was
2000753
noticeably quieter with the absence of school buses
noijceably gouieter wit theabsence of sjhool buse
nѧѧotiѧѧcѧeѧaabѧllyѧ   ѧgouѧiieettѧerѧ   wwithh  thhe  abѧsѧѧenncѧee   ofѧ   sschhѧoѧolѧ   bbusseeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
noticeably gouieter with the absence of school buse
2000754
and parents driving kids to school. in the subway stations
cnd pafrents driving kids t school. inmthe zsubwway istations
ѧanѧdѧ   pѧaѧѧrѧeenѧtѧss   drrѧivѧѧinngѧ   ѧkiddss   to  scchhѧoѧolѧѧ..  inѧ   tthee    ssѧubѧѧѧwѧѧayѧ   ѧssttѧattiioonѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and parents driving kids to school. in the subway stations
2000755
, many people had their faces covered with surgical
, gmxny people had their faces coverepv wdeh surgiczal
,,    mmѧanѧyy   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   hѧadd   tthheeirѧ   ffacceess   ѧcovѧeerѧѧedѧѧ    wwitthh    surѧgѧѧicѧѧѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, many people had their faces covered with surgical
2000756
masks . Both the White House and House Democrats have
masks . Botqh the White Houseaxnd Hruse Democrats hahve
mѧѧasѧkѧss   .   Bѧotthhѧ    tthee   WWhѧitѧee   HHouusѧe  aaѧnѧdѧ   HHouusѧeѧ   DDemѧѧocѧrѧaattss   hѧaavvѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
masks . Both the White House and House Democrats have
2000757
pledged to cut greenhouse gases by about 80 percent
pledged to cut greenhousecgases by hbout 80 percent
ѧpllѧedѧgѧeedd   tto   ѧcutt   ggrѧeѧennhhhouusѧeѧѧѧcѧѧasѧeess   byѧ   abѧѧouutѧ  ѧ8ѧ0ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pledged to cut greenhousecases by about 80 percent
2000758
below 1990 levels by 2050 . If his strategic outlook
below 1990 ceuel by 2050 . If his sgurategi outlook
bbѧelѧѧowѧ   1ѧ9ѧ9ѧ0   cceuueelѧ   byy  22ѧ0ѧ5ѧ0   .   Ifѧ   hhiss   ssѧѧtrrratѧeegѧiѧ   ouutѧlѧѧoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
below 1990 ceuel by 2050 . If his strategi outlook
2000759
was narrow and blinkered , that was a hardened reflection
was narrow ande blinered , that was a hadrdenedreflection
wѧѧass   ѧnarѧrѧѧowѧ   anѧdѧ    bblliinѧѧerѧeedѧ   ,    thѧatѧ   ѧwasѧ   a   hѧaѧѧrѧdѧѧenѧeed  reefѧlѧѧecѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was narrow and blinered , that was a hardened reflection
2000760
of his formative years . After years of debate , Texas
of hisl gfrmatve yegars . Aftgmer years ou debate , Texas
ѧofѧ   hhisѧѧ     forrmѧaativѧeѧ   ѧyeeѧaarѧss   .   Afѧtѧѧѧѧѧeerѧ   ѧyeaarѧss   ofѧ    debѧѧatѧeѧ   ,   TTexѧaassѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of his formative years . After years of debate , Texas
2000761
and Connecticut - the last two states without mandatory
ad oConnecoticr - the lasttwo stales withoutmandatory
ѧand    ѧCConѧnѧѧeccѧѧtѧѧicѧѧѧ  ѧ-ѧ   thee   llasѧtѧ  twoo   stѧѧatѧeess    witthhoouut  ѧmanndѧѧattѧorѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Connectic - the last two states without mandatory
2000762
newborn screening - will now establish programs . Connecticu
newborn sceenrng - wi now edstablishgprcograms . Connecticu
nѧѧewѧbbѧorrnѧ  sscѧѧeѧenѧѧinngg  ѧ-ѧ  wiiѧ  nnowѧ   eeѧssttѧabblliishhѧѧ  pprrrooggrraamѧss   .   CConѧnѧѧecѧttѧicѧuuѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
newborn sceening - wi now establish programs . Connecticu
2000763
will begin screening Oct . It 's when someone like
wil beginc screening Ot . It 's xzn someone libke
wwѧilѧl   begѧѧinѧѧ    sccrreeѧenѧiinngg   Octt  ..  Itt   'ss   ѧѧinn    somѧeѧѧonѧeѧ   ѧliѧѧkѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will begin screening Oct . It 's in someone like
2000764
Director General Mark Thompson , earning an extraordinary
Director General Mark Thmpfon , earning kn exrgorinary
ѧDѧirѧeecѧtѧѧorѧ   Gѧenѧeerѧaalѧ   MMarѧkѧ   Thhmmppstѧonn   ,   eaarѧnѧiinngѧ   anѧ   exѧtrgѧѧorѧminnaarѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Director General Mark Thmpston , earning an extrgorminary
2000765
664,000 , puts in a claim of 70p for a parking charge
664,a000 l, puts is a ctaim of i70pfwr a parking chage
ѧ6ѧ6ѧ4,,,ѧѧ0ѧ0ѧ0     ,   pѧuttss   isѧ   a   clѧaaiѧmѧ   ofѧ    ѧ7ѧ0  ffforѧ   a   pѧarѧkѧiinngѧ   chhaargeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
664,000 , puts is a claim of 70 for a parking charge
2000766
that the true nature of this scandal comes home . Shares
thatthe true nature of this scaodal comes homeq . Shares
ѧtthѧatѧ  thee   ttrѧuee   ѧnattѧurѧeѧ   ofѧ   tthѧisѧ  sscѧѧѧѧѧddaalѧ   ѧcomѧeess   hѧomѧeeѧѧ   .   Shhѧarѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that the true nature of this scdal comes home . Shares
2000767
of MasterCard , which processes payments but does not
f Masterard , which processles pfayvmens but does nt
oѧf  Mѧasѧtѧeerѧѧarѧdѧ   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   prrѧocѧѧesѧsѧѧѧeesѧ   pplѧayѧѧѧmѧeentts   bbutѧ    doeess  nottѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Masterard , which processes playments but does not
2000768
directly lend customers money , rose 9.42 , or 3.4
directliy lend custmerswmknjy , rose 9.42 , oru 3.4
ddѧirreecѧtѧlllyyѧ   llenѧdѧ   ccusѧtommeerrss  mmѧanѧѧѧyѧ   ,   rѧosѧeѧ  ѧ9ѧ..4ѧ2ѧ  ,   orѧѧ   ѧ3ѧ.ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
directly lend customers many , rose 9.42 , or 3.4
2000769
percent , to 289.79 . He noted that most of the people
percenta tl 289.t9 . He xnoted vhat mst of lhe people
ppeerѧcceenѧtѧѧ    toѧ  22ѧ8ѧ9...ѧѧ9ѧ  .   Hee    nѧѧotѧeedѧ    thѧatѧ  mosѧtѧ   ofѧ    thee   ppeѧopѧlleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
percent to 289.9 . He noted that most of the people
2000770
sickened by the bacteria have existing immune system
sickenedby pthe bacteria have exising immuni system
sѧѧicѧkѧѧenѧeedd byy     thhee   bbacѧtѧѧerriiaѧ   hѧavѧeѧ   exѧѧisѧtinngg   imѧmѧѧunѧiѧc  ssysѧtteemѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sickened by the bacteria have existing immunic system
2000771
disorders , like AIDS or hepatitis . The Venezuelan
dixorders , lipke dAIlDSioq hepatitis .f The Venezuelan
dѧѧisѧѧorѧdѧeerrss   ,   ѧliѧѧkѧeѧ    ѧAѧIѧѧѧDѧS  oѧnѧ   heeppѧatѧiitѧiiss   ..    TThee   Vѧenѧѧezѧuѧeelѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
disorders , like AIDS on hepatitis . The Venezuelan
2000772
music-education program known as El Sistema has garnered
music-educaiol program known s El istema has garnered
mmѧusѧiicѧ--ѧedѧѧucѧattioonѧ   pprooggrraamѧ   knѧѧowѧnѧ   .s  Elѧѧ  issttѧemѧaѧ   hѧasѧ    garѧnѧeerѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
music-education program known .s El istema has garnered
2000773
global attention thanks to Gustavo Dudamel , who received
glbal cattention thanks to Gustavo Dudame , wo receied
gglobbѧalѧ    ѧatѧtѧѧenѧtѧiioonѧ   tthѧanѧkѧss   too   Guusstѧѧavѧoo   Dѧudѧѧamѧee   ,   whoѧ  reecѧeeiѧveddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
global attention thanks to Gustavo Dudame , who received
2000774
free music training under the system as a boy and has
frel msic trainizng under thewsystem asayboy and has
ffreѧeѧѧ  musѧiicѧ   trrѧaiѧnѧѧiinnggѧ   unndѧeerѧ   thhee  ssѧysѧtteemѧ   asѧѧay bbѧoyy   anѧdѧ   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
free music training under the system asay boy and has
2000775
since risen to the top ranks of international conductors
schnce risen to the top anks of imternational condcuctrs
ssccienncѧee   rѧisѧѧenѧ   tto   tthee    topѧ  banѧkѧss   ofѧ   inѧtteerrnnaattiioonѧaalѧ   cconѧdѧѧѧѧucѧtorrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
science risen to the top banks of international conductors
2000776
. The government was about to instigate a cull but
.n The government was aoutmto iznstigtea cul but
...    TThee   ggovveerrnnmmeenntѧ   ѧwass  abbouutt   too   iѧnnnssttiituttee aa  cculll  bbutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The government was about to institute a cul but
2000777
the Japanese ( who would probably put Hello Kitty on
the Jpanese ( who ouldwmprobabfy puti Hello Kitty on
ѧtthee   Jappanѧeesѧee   (    whoo  wouullddѧ   pprrѧobѧaabѧllyѧ   pѧuttѧ    Hѧelѧlѧoo   Kѧitѧtѧyѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Japanese ( who would probably put Hello Kitty on
2000778
their currency if they could decide on her outfit )
teir currencw if they coqld deie on her outrfit 
ttheeirѧ   ccurѧrѧeennccyѧ   ifѧ   ttheeyѧ    couulldd   ѧdeѧiee   onѧ   heerr   ouѧttrѧfѧiitt  .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
their currency if they could deie on her outrfit .
2000779
were outraged and threatened boycotts . Subs : Turnbull
aere zoutraged znd threatend boycotts . Subs : Turnbull
ѧaѧѧrѧee    ѧouuttrrѧagѧeedd   anѧdѧ   tthrreeaatѧѧenedѧ   ѧboyycccotѧtѧss   .   SSubѧss   :   TTurrnѧbbѧulѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are outraged and threatened boycotts . Subs : Turnbull
2000780
, Shawky , Bennett , Franks , Williams , Grounds ,
, Shawkt , Bennett , Fraenkq , Williams , Grounds ,
,,   Shhѧawѧkѧtѧ   ,   Bѧenѧnѧѧetѧtѧ   ,   Frrѧaѧenѧkѧѧѧ   ,   WWilѧlѧiiaamѧss   ,   Grrѧouunndѧsѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Shawkt , Bennett , Fraenk , Williams , Grounds ,
2000781
Walker . The journalist 's job is to help inform the
Waker . The jouralirt 'cwjob is to help inform the
ѧWWalkѧerѧ   .   TThee   ѧjouurѧnalѧѧisѧtѧ  ''s   jѧѧobѧ   iss   tto   hѧelѧpѧ   inѧffѧorrmѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Walker . The journalist 's job is to help inform the
2000782
public on issues that matter . The golfer , still the
publvclon issues vhat matter .The rglfer , still the
ѧpuubbliiicѧѧ ѧonѧ   isѧsѧuueess    thѧatѧ   ѧmatѧtѧeerѧ  .  TThee   rralѧѧѧѧerѧ   ,   stѧѧilѧlѧ    theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
public on issues that matter . The raler , still the
2000783
highest-paid athlete in the world , was second last
ehighest-paid athlete sain thj world ,swas secofnd last
ѧѧhhѧigѧhѧeesstt--ѧpѧaiidѧ   atѧhѧlleetѧee    sѧiinѧ   tthee   ѧworѧlldѧ  ,,  wwѧasѧ    seccѧoѧnnѧdѧ   llasѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
highest-paid athlete sin the world , was second last
2000784
year . Anderson scored 12 points and Amanda Nisleit
yar . Anderson scored 12zpoins and AmandaNaisleit
yѧeearr  .   Anndѧѧerrssѧonn   scѧѧorѧeedѧ   1ѧ2ѧ ppѧoiintts   anѧdѧ   Ammѧanѧdѧa  Nѧaiisѧlleeiѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
year . Anderson scored 12 points and Amanda Naisleit
2000785
added 11 points and 12 rebounds . " It 's interesting
added11 ponts and 12 rvbounco . " It 's intereskting
ѧadѧdѧeed  1ѧ1ѧ ppoointtss   anѧd   ѧ1ѧ2   rѧebѧѧouunncѧyѧs  .   "   Itt   'ss   inѧtteerѧѧessѧѧtѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
added 11 points and 12 rebouncys . " It 's interesting
2000786
just thinking back to the different places in the world
jut thikivlg back to e different places in the world
ѧjѧust   tthѧinѧѧiinnggѧ   bbacѧkѧ   too  he   ddifѧfѧѧerѧeenѧtѧ   pllѧacѧeess   inѧ   tthee    worѧlldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
just thining back to he different places in the world
2000787
because I have so many friends in different parts of
becuuse Ikvave so many friends in dpifferentpats of
bѧѧeccaauusѧeѧ   I   ѧѧavѧee    soѧ   manѧy    ffrriѧenѧdѧss   inѧ    dѧѧifѧfѧѧerѧeenѧt  paattss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because I ave so many friends in different pats of
2000788
the world that are like family , you know , and all
th worldthat ar like familwy , ayju know , nd all
ѧthhe   worѧlldѧ  thѧatѧ   aree  ѧlikѧeѧ    famѧiillѧyyѧ   ,   anѧyooѧ   knѧѧowѧ   ,   and   alѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the world that are like family , anyo know , and all
2000789
these different experiences , " he said . Couch had
thse diffeqrent experienes , " ehe qszid . Cochwhad
ѧthhesee   ddifѧfѧѧeeѧrѧeenѧtѧ   exѧppeerѧiieenccees   ,   "     hee    ssaaiidd   .   CCocchѧѧ  hhaddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
these different experiences , " he said . Coch had
2000790
to dump some of the 45 gallons of cherry Kool-Aid he
to dumb soe of the 45 gallons of chprgru Kool-Aid he
ѧttoѧ  ѧdumѧbѧ    some   ofѧ   tthee  ѧ4ѧ5ѧ  ѧgalѧlѧѧonѧss   ofѧ   chhѧarѧgѧrѧѧѧ   Kѧoѧolѧѧ-ѧAiѧdd   heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to dumb some of the 45 gallons of chargr Kool-Aid he
2000791
carried as ballast before he was able to disappear
carried as balladst befre he wts ablew p disappear
cѧѧarѧrѧiieedѧ   asѧ   ѧbalѧlѧѧaѧѧssѧ    bbeforree   hhe   wѧass   abblleeѧ    o    disѧaapѧpѧeeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
carried as ballas before he was able o disappear
2000792
into the distance . Naples itself is best left to the
intote distapce  Naples itself bs best left tozthe
ѧinѧtto  the    dissttaanѧcѧeѧ  .  Nѧapѧlleesѧ   ittssѧelѧfѧ   ass   ѧbesstt   ѧlefѧtѧ   tooѧ  ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
into the distance . Naples itself as best left to the
2000793
Neapolitans , to the stray dogs that haunt its scruffy
Neapilitbns , to rhl stray dogs tha huant its scrfuffy
ѧNѧeѧapѧѧilѧiitѧaѧnѧss   ,   tto   tѧeeѧ   sttrѧѧayy   ddogѧss    thѧat  hѧѧѧanѧtѧ   ittss   sccrrѧѧѧufѧfѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Neapilitans , to te stray dogs that hant its scruffy
2000794
squares and the pent-up wrath of Vesuvius . Multi-Market
squqdares and the pen-up wratt f Vewsuviu . Multi-Market
ѧsqѧuuѧѧddѧarreess   anѧdѧ   tthee   pѧenѧѧ-ѧupѧ   wrrѧatѧtѧ   of  Vѧewѧsѧѧuvѧiiѧѧ   .   Mѧulѧtѧii--ѧMMarѧkѧeetѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
squdares and the pen-up wratt of Vewsuvi . Multi-Market
2000795
Products Group ( MPG ) , which is expected to be flat
Prohducts Grojpup ( MPG ) , which is expoected th be dflat
ѧPrrѧoѧѧdѧѧucѧtѧsѧ   Grrѧouѧpѧѧѧѧѧ   (  ѧMѧPѧGѧ  )   ,    whhicѧhѧ   isѧ   exxppѧѧeecѧtѧeedѧ   tooo  bbe   ѧffllѧattѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Products Group ( MPG ) , which is expected to be flat
2000796
to up. continue to expect strong year-over-year growth
to up. clotinue to expect strong yearovrr-year growth
ѧtooѧ  upѧ...  ccѧѧontѧinѧuuee   tto   exxppѧecѧtѧ   sstrrѧonngѧ   ѧyeaar  ovѧѧѧrѧ--yyѧeaarѧ   grrѧowѧtthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to up. continue to expect strong year ovr-year growth
2000797
in fiscal 2009 . The move of these great works from
in fiscal 2009. Thejmove soj these great bworks fom
ѧinѧ   ѧfisѧcѧaalѧ  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9  .  TThee  mmѧovѧee    soѧѧ    thheseeѧ   grreeaatѧ   ѧwѧѧorѧkѧss   fromѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in fiscal 2009 . The move so these great works from
2000798
boardroom to public gallery is a triumph and , at a
boardroom to public gallery hz a tiumph anpd e, at a
bbѧoѧarѧdѧrrroѧomѧ   tto   ppubblliicѧ   ggalѧlѧѧerѧyy   hѧѧ   a   ttiѧumѧpphѧ   annѧѧdѧ     ,,  atѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
boardroom to public gallery h a tiumph and , at a
2000799
time when museum budgets are so restricted , should
tie whew museum bdgets are so rstrictemd , should
ѧtѧimee   whѧenѧ   ѧmusѧeѧuumѧ bbudѧgѧeettss   arѧee    so  ressttrrѧiccttѧeeѧdѧ   ,   sshѧouullddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
time when museum budgets are so restricted , should
2000800
encourage other distinctive corporate collections to
hncourage other distinctive mczrporgatecolwlections to
ѧenѧcѧѧouurѧaagѧee   otthheerѧ   ddissttѧincccttiivveѧ   ѧccѧorѧpѧѧorrѧѧѧatѧee  coѧѧlѧlѧѧecѧttiioonѧss   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
encourage other distinctive corporate collections to
2000801
show to wider audiences . Overall the figures showed
shw vo wider audicnces . wverall the cfgures shwed
ѧshoww    to   ѧwidѧeerѧ   auudѧiiѧenncceess   .   Ovveerѧѧalѧlѧ   tthee   ѧfigguurѧeess   showwѧeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
show to wider audiences . Overall the figures showed
2000802
that plastic surgery procedures of the face and chest
thatt plastic sxrgeruy proedure of the fce andg chesb
ѧtthѧatѧ     pllѧasѧtѧiicѧ   ssurѧgѧeerѧѧѧyѧ   prrѧocedѧѧurѧee   ofѧ   tthee  faccee   anѧdѧѧ    chѧeesѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that plastic surgery procedure of the face and chest
2000803
were popular among both women and men in 2007 . It
rere poular among bot wnorme and men in 2007 . 
ѧwѧerѧee   pѧopullѧarѧ   amѧѧonng    ѧbotth  ѧnѧѧorѧmѧeer  anѧdѧ   ѧmenn   inѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7   .  "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were popular among both normer and men in 2007 . "
2000804
is impossible to overstate what that means to this
is imcpossible to ovrstatebb what hat mfeansyto this
ѧiss   imѧѧѧppѧosѧsѧѧibѧlleѧ   tto   oveerrstѧѧatѧee  b     whѧatѧ  thѧatѧ    mѧѧeaanѧss   tѧo   tthѧisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is impossible to overstate b what that means to this
2000805
nation . In several more intimate viewing rooms , Mr.
natio . Iy seeral ore intimate viewing ooms , Mr.
nnѧattiioon  ..  In    sseverraalѧ  morѧee   inѧtѧѧimѧѧatѧee   vvieewѧѧinngg  roѧomѧss   ,   MMr...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
nation . In several more intimate viewing rooms , Mr.
2000806
Sibony exhibits doors and cardboard boxes adorned with
Sibony exhibits doors and cardcboarbxes xaadorned with
ѧSiibbѧonѧyѧ   exѧhhѧibѧiittss   ѧdoѧorѧss   anѧdѧ   ccarѧdѧѧѧbѧѧoѧarѧdѧѧѧѧess    ѧaaѧdѧѧorѧnѧeedѧ   wwitthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Sibony exhibits doors and cardboardes adorned with
2000807
bits of paper and tape and sections of Masonite and
bts of paper and tapeand sectiens of Masonite alnd
bittss   ofѧ   pѧapѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ   ttapѧe  anѧdѧ   ssecѧttiioonnss   ofѧ   Maassѧonѧѧitѧee   aaѧnѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bits of paper and tape and sections of Masonite and
2000808
plexiglass modified with crude geometric cutouts .
plexiglass modified oit cruekn geometric utouts .
ѧpllѧexѧѧiѧgllѧasѧss   ѧmodѧiifѧiieedd   oiѧtѧ   crrѧueѧѧѧnn   ѧgeoommѧettrriicѧ   uttoouutѧss   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
plexiglass modified oit cruen geometric utouts .
2000809
He is hoping to return home permanently in time for
He is hoping to return home permanently in nime nor
ѧHee   iss   hѧopѧiinngg   tto   reettѧurѧnѧ   hѧomѧeѧ   pperѧmѧѧanѧѧenѧtѧllyy   inѧ   ѧtimѧeѧ    norѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
He is hoping to return home permanently in time nor
2000810
Christmas . An estimated 5,000 people have been killed
Chritmnas . Anestimted 5,000 ople have beken killed
ѧCChrriisttѧmѧaass   .   An ѧesѧtѧiimatѧeedѧ  ѧ5ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0 peopplleѧ   hhavѧeѧ   bbeѧѧeenn   ѧkilѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Christmas . An estimated 5,000 people have been killed
2000811
since early last year in land and sea clashes , ambushes
sinceearly ast year tin lanpd and sea clashes , ambushes
ssѧinncee  eearѧllyy  lasstѧ   ѧyeaarѧ    ѧinѧ   llannѧѧdѧ   anѧdѧ   sseaa   clѧѧasѧhѧeess   ,   amѧbѧѧusѧhheessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
since early last year in land and sea clashes , ambushes
2000812
and air strikes , taking the death toll since the conflict
and air strikes , takng tihc dpath toll since the conflict
ѧanѧdѧ   aiirѧ   sstrrѧikѧeess   ,    takkiing   tthѧeѧѧ   ddeaatthѧ    tolѧlѧ   ѧsinnceeѧ   tthee   cconѧfѧllѧicѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and air strikes , taking the death toll since the conflict
2000813
erupted in 1983 to around 70,000 . " We were led to
erupted in 1983 nto araund 70,000 . " se uembre dled to
ѧerrѧuppttѧedѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ8ѧ3    ttoo   arrѧoounѧdѧ  ѧ7ѧ0ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   .   "   ѧWe   ѧѧemѧѧѧrѧeѧ   ѧdѧeedd   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
erupted in 1983 to around 70,000 . " We emre ded to
2000814
believe that this was legitimate and in truth it was
believe thajt thisowas leiltidlte and in truth it was
bbѧelѧiieevѧee    thhaѧѧtѧ   tthѧisѧ   wѧasѧ   ѧleѧѧlѧtѧѧiѧѧѧltѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   inѧ   ttrѧutѧhѧ   itѧ    wasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
believe that this was leltilte and in truth it was
2000815
a hoax , " he said . In March , inflation in the EU
a hoamxo ,m" he siud . n Maech , inflation in the EU
ѧa   hѧoѧѧmѧѧѧoѧ   ,   "   hee   saaiѧdѧ   .   In  MMarѧcchh   ,   inѧffllѧattiioonn   inѧ   tthee   EѧUѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a homo , " he said . In March , inflation in the EU
2000816
rose to 3.8 percent from 2.3 percent a year ago . Bluepoint
rose to 3.8 percent from 2.3 percent ayera agbo . Blupepoint
ѧrѧosѧeѧ   tto  ѧ3...8ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ffrѧomѧ  ѧ2ѧ..3ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ    yyѧearrѧ   agѧѧooѧ   .   Blѧѧuѧѧeѧppѧoiinѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rose to 3.8 percent from 2.3 percent year ago . Bluepoint
2000817
Games , Inc. is a highly experienced team of seasoned
Gime,uz nc. is a ighly experienced uteam of seasoned
ѧGGimѧee ,,ѧѧ   Innc..   iss   a  higѧhhllyy   exxppeerѧiieenncѧeedѧ    ttѧeaamѧ   ofѧ    seaasѧѧonѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Gime , Inc. is a highly experienced team of seasoned
2000818
gaming industry veterans whose work includes six titles
gamiwg idustry veterans whose ork jinclfudes six titlles
gѧѧamѧiinngѧ   inddussttrryy   ѧvetѧeerѧaanѧss    whѧosѧeѧ  worѧkѧ    ѧinnccllluuudѧeesѧ   ѧsixѧ    titѧllѧѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
gaming industry veterans whose work includes six titles
2000819
that have sold over a million copies each . Bluepoint
thatgtave old oveq a million copiqs each . Bluepoint
ѧtthѧatѧ   hѧavѧeѧ   olldѧ   ovѧeerѧ   a   ѧmilѧlѧiioonn   ѧcopѧiieѧss   eaacѧhѧ   .   Blluueepppoiinѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that have old over a million copies each . Bluepoint
2000820
Games ' first title , Blast Factor ( TM ) ( 2006 )
Games' first titclez , Blast Factor ( TMd) ( 2006 )
ѧGGamѧees  '   ffirrsstѧ    titѧѧѧlѧeeѧѧ   ,   Bllѧasѧtѧ   Fѧacѧtѧѧorѧ   (   TTMѧ  )   (   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6   )ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Games ' first title , Blast Factor ( TM ) ( 2006 )
2000821
, made exclusively for the PlayStation ( R ) 3 ( PS3
, made excusively fr thePlayStation (y R ) f3 ( S3
,,   ѧmadѧeѧ   exxclѧusѧiivѧeellyy  forr   thhe  PllѧayyѧSttѧattiioonѧ   (     Rѧ  )    ѧ3ѧ  (  ѧSѧ3ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, made exclusively for the PlayStation ( R ) 3 ( S3
2000822
( TM ) ) computer entertainment system , was one of
( hTM  )rcomputer entertainment svtystsem , wahs one of
ѧ(    ѧTTMѧ )  )   ѧcomѧppѧutѧeerѧ   enѧtѧeerѧttaaiinnmmeenѧtѧ    ѧѧtѧѧyssttѧѧeemѧ   ,   wwaѧѧsѧ   onѧeѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( TM ) ) computer entertainment tystem , was one of
2000823
the first titles available at the launch of the PlayStation
theffirt titles available at the launch of the PlaStation
ѧthhee  fѧѧirsst    titѧlleesѧ   avvaaiilѧaabblleѧ   atѧ   tthee   ѧlauunѧchhѧ   ofѧ   tthee   PllaaѧSttѧattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the first titles available at the launch of the PlaStation
2000824
( R ) Store . In stoppage-time , Molitika timed his
 R ) Store a. In stoppage-timp , Molitika tmed his
(  Rѧ  )   SStѧorѧee    ...  Inѧ   stѧѧopѧpѧaagѧeѧ--ѧtѧimѧeѧ   ,   MMolѧѧitѧѧikѧaa  ttimmedd   hhissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( R ) Store . In stoppage-time , Molitika timed his
2000825
pass to perfection for Thomas to slice through the
pmass tjo perfecion for Thomas to slice through the
ѧѧpѧѧasѧss    tooo   peerѧfѧѧecѧtiionn   fforѧ   TThѧomѧaass   tto  ssllѧicѧeѧ    thhrrouughhh   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pass to perfection for Thomas to slice through the
2000826
centre and score under the posts . As of June 1 , the
centre and score under the posts . rAr of Junei k1 , the
cѧѧenѧtѧrѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   scѧѧorѧee   unndѧeerѧ   tthee   pѧosѧtѧsѧ   .    ѧArѧ   ofѧ   JJunѧeѧ     1ѧ1ѧ  ,    theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
centre and score under the posts . Ar of June 11 , the
2000827
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power limited the
Los Angeles Department of Water and Powr limited he
ѧLѧosѧ   Anѧgѧeelѧeess   DDeppѧarrtѧmmeenѧtѧ   ofѧ   WWatteerѧ   anѧdѧ   Pѧoweer   ѧlimѧѧitѧeedѧ  theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power limited the
2000828
use of sprinklers to 15-minute cycles on Mondays and
usedofnsprnklers to 1-minute cuyqles on Mondays ankd
ѧusѧeed  ofѧѧ ssppranѧkѧlѧeerѧss   tto  ѧ1ѧ--mminѧuutѧeѧ   ccutѧѧѧlleess   onѧ   Mѧonѧdѧaayyѧ    annѧѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
used of spranklers to 1-minute cutles on Monday and
2000829
Thursdays . Perhaps that was one reason why the 31-year-old
Thursdass . Perhaps jthat was onereason why t 31yearr-od
ѧTThuurrssddaayyѧѧ   .   PPerѧhѧѧapѧss    ttthѧatѧ   ѧwasѧ   onѧe  rreaassѧonn   wwhyѧ   tѧ  3ѧ1ѧ-yeeaarr--oollddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Thursday . Perhaps that was one reason why t 31-year-old
2000830
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback didn 't register to
Philadelphia gagles quartmrbac didn 't ggister t
ѧPѧhiilѧѧadѧѧelѧpphhiiaa   ggaaѧlleesѧ   qquaarѧtѧeerrbbѧackk  ddiddnnn ''tѧ  regѧѧisstѧeerѧ   toѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Philadelphia gales quarterback didn 't register to
2000831
vote until this election . So the courts end up paying
vote until this ellectio . So thecurtrs end up paybng
vvѧotѧee   unѧtѧѧilѧ   tthѧisѧ   eeѧlѧѧecѧttiioon  .   SSo   thhe ccѧurѧterrss   enѧdѧ   upѧ   pѧayѧѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
vote until this election . So the curters end up paying
2000832
the bill , " explains Judge Zveiter . An appeal to
the billy , " exploaids Juzdpge Zveite . An appeal to
ѧtthee   ѧbilѧlѧyѧ   ,   "   exѧppllѧoaѧiѧdѧss   Jѧuѧѧdѧѧѧgѧee   Zѧѧeeiitѧee   .   Anѧ   apѧpѧeeaalѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the billy , " exploaids Judge Zeite . An appeal to
2000833
raise money for the hospice began in 2004 . This dropped
raise movey fofr the hospice egan inc 2004j. This dropex
ѧrraiѧsѧeѧ   ѧmonѧeeyѧ   ffoѧrrѧ   tthee   hѧosѧppiicѧeѧ  beggaann   innѧ    2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ4   ..  TThѧisѧ   drrѧopѧpedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
raise money for the hospice began in 2004 . This dropped
2000834
to 45 % among respondents classed in the DE social
to 45 % among resprondets cassedin thefdDE social
ѧtoo   4ѧ5ѧ  %   ammѧonngѧ   rreessppѧѧonѧdѧѧentts   clasѧsѧeed  inѧ   tthee    FDѧEѧ   socciiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to 45 % among respondents classed in the FDE social
2000835
category , the FSA 's Consumer Attitudes to Food Standards
caxtegoty , thhe FSA rsb onsumer Attitudes to hFood Standards
cѧѧaѧѧtѧeegѧѧitѧyѧ   ,    thhee    FѧSѧAѧ  'sѧѧ   Conѧsѧѧumѧeerѧ   Atѧtѧѧittѧudѧeess   too    ѧFѧoѧodѧ   SStѧanѧdѧѧarѧdѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
categity , the FSA 's Consumer Attitudes to Food Standards
2000836
report says . " He is the founding president of Zimbabwe
report ays . " He isthh founding prtsident of Zimbahje
ѧreepѧѧorrtѧ  dayѧss   .   "   Hee   is  tthee   ѧfouunѧdѧiinngѧ   prrresѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   ofѧ   Zѧimѧbѧaaѧѧѧѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
report days . " He is the founding president of Zimbae
2000837
and you can 't take that away from him . Mayweather
and you can 't take thatawzy from him . Mayweather
ѧanѧdѧ   yyouѧ   ѧcann   'tѧ   ttakѧee   tthѧat  awwѧayy   ffrѧomѧ   hѧimѧ   .   MMayywwweѧatthheerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and you can 't take that away from him . Mayweather
2000838
's insistence on a similar testing procedure scuttled
's insistence ons a similar testing procedurescuttled
''s    inѧsѧѧisѧtѧѧenncѧeѧ   onѧѧѧ   a    simѧiilѧaarѧ   ѧtesѧtѧiinngѧ   prrrocѧѧeddѧurѧeѧ   ccutѧtѧlleedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's insistence on a similar testing procedure cuttled
2000839
a proposed fight with Filipino superstar Manny Pacquiao
 propsed fight gwith Filipxno superyta Manny nPacquiao
a  prrѧoposѧeedd   ѧfigѧhhtѧ    wwѧitth    Fѧilѧѧipѧѧannoѧ    suppeerrѧy taa   MManѧnѧyy    ѧPѧacѧqquѧiiaaooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a proposed fight with Filipano supery ta Manny Pacquiao
2000840
. Its Rennie Mackintosh-designed building in Mitchell
. Its Rennie Mackintosh-esigned xuiwling incitchell
..   Ittss   Rѧenѧnѧiiee   MMacѧkkѧinѧtѧѧosѧh---ressѧigѧnѧeedѧ   ѧbuiilѧlliinngѧ   inѧ cѧitѧcchѧѧelѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Its Rennie Mackintosh-resigned builling in citchell
2000841
Lane will remain open while administrators assess the
Laneb wilk remain open while admivnmtrators assess the
ѧLѧanѧeeѧѧ   wwilѧlѧ   reemѧaaiѧnѧ   opѧeenѧ    whѧilѧeѧ   adѧmmѧiinnѧisttrraattѧorѧsѧ   asѧsѧѧesѧss    theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Lane will remain open while administrators assess the
2000842
situation . The kids and their parents are starting
situation . Thre kid and ther paenats are staruiog
ssѧitѧuѧaattiioonѧ   .   TTheeee   ѧkidds  anѧdѧ  othheeir   pѧarennaattss   arѧee   stѧѧarѧtѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
situation . The kids and otheir parenats are starting
2000843
to realize that going into serious debt as they just
tox rdalize tghat going intio seriousb debt as they ust
ѧttoѧ   rreeaalѧѧizѧee    tѧhhѧatѧ   ѧgoiinngѧ   inѧttѧoo    sserѧiioouѧsѧѧ    ѧdebѧtѧ   asѧ    theeyѧ  jusstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to realize that going into serious debt as they just
2000844
start out in life is ridiculous . A post-mortem examination
start out hn life is ridiculous . A post-motem examination
ѧstѧѧarѧtѧ   ouutѧ   inn   ѧlifѧeѧ   isѧ   rѧidѧiicѧѧulѧoouusѧ   .   A   pѧosѧtѧ--mѧѧosttemѧ   exѧѧamѧiinѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
start out in life is ridiculous . A post-mostem examination
2000845
showed the baby had suffered significant head trauma
showed the baby had sofderedisgngificantu head trama
ѧshhѧowѧѧedѧ   tthee   ѧbabѧyy   hѧadѧ    cofѧdѧeerѧeed   sssenѧgѧѧifѧiicѧѧanntѧѧ    heeaadѧ   trrѧamѧaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
showed the baby had cofdered sengificant head trama
2000846
. The plunge in global demand and a sharp rise in the
. The plunge in glbal demandxandv a arp rie in the
..   TThee   pllѧunѧgѧee   inѧ   globѧѧalѧ   ѧdemѧaanѧdѧ   anѧdѧѧ    a  carѧpѧ   rѧisee  inѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The plunge in global demand and a carp rise in the
2000847
yen have thrown Japanese manufacturers into crisis
yen have throwlz Jaxanes manufactureos into crtsis
yѧѧenn   hhavѧeѧ   tthrrѧowѧѧѧѧѧ   Jѧapѧaanneesѧe  ѧmanѧuufffacѧtѧuurѧeerѧss   inѧttoo   crrѧisѧiissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
yen have throw Japanese manufacturers into crisis
2000848
, and reignited a debate about the country 's reliance
, angd reigbnitedza debatje about thw country's relikance
,,   annѧѧdѧ   reeѧiggѧѧnѧѧitѧeedѧ   a   ѧdebѧѧattѧeeѧ   abbѧouutѧ   tthee   ccouunѧttrry  'ss  rreelliiѧѧaanncѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, and reignited a debate about the country 's reliance
2000849
on the sector . Stir the dry ingredients into the molasses
on te sector . Stirtthe dry ingrzedients into the molnasses
ѧonѧ   the   ssecѧtѧѧorѧ   .   SStѧirѧtѧ  thee   drryy   innggrrѧѧeeddiѧeenѧtѧsѧ   inѧttoo   tthee   ѧmoѧѧlѧѧasѧsѧeesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the sector . Stirt the dry ingredients into the molasses
2000850
mixture until thoroughly incorporated , then stir in
mixture until horoughly iincorpouatzed , ten stir in
mѧѧixѧttѧurѧeѧ   unѧtѧѧilѧ  thhorrѧouugghhllyy   iiinѧcѧѧorѧpѧѧorѧѧattѧeeedѧ   ,   thenn   stѧѧirѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
mixture until thoroughly incorporated , then stir in
2000851
the chopped candied peel and nuts . A lot of researchers
the chopped candied peel and outsp. A tlot of rejsearchers
ѧtthee   chѧѧopѧpѧeedѧ   ccanѧdѧiieedѧ   pѧeѧelѧ   anѧdѧ   ouutѧssѧ  ..  A    llѧott   ofѧ   rreeesseeaarccchѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the chopped candied peel and outs . A lot of researchers
2000852
are working on making them cheaper and faster to charge
are wrking onmaking chem cheaper and dfaster to chargv
aarѧee  wworkkkinngѧ   on  mmakkiinngѧ   ttheemѧ   chѧeeaapѧѧerѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧfѧѧasѧtѧeerѧ   tto   chhѧarѧgѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are working on making them cheaper and faster to charge
2000853
, of course . The primary target users of Vistime (
, f course . Thw primary target userrs o Vistime (
,,   of  ѧcouurѧsѧeѧ   .   TThee   prrrimѧaarѧyy    tarѧgѧeett   usѧeerrѧѧsѧ   of  Vѧisѧtѧѧimѧee   (ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, of course . The primary target users of Vistime (
2000854
TM ) are enterprises , SME 's and SOHO 's . A ransom
TM )jare enterprissjs , SM 's and SaOHOm 's . A ransom
ѧTTMѧ  )  aarѧeѧ   enѧttѧerѧpprrѧisѧѧѧѧѧsѧ   ,   SѧMѧ  'ss   anѧdѧ   SѧѧѧOѧHѧOѧѧ   'ss   .   A   rѧanѧsѧѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
TM ) are enterpriss , SM 's and SOHO 's . A ransom
2000855
demand for the missing cargo ship , the Arctic Sea
demand fnr thez missingcargo sgiep , th Arctitc Sea
dѧѧemѧѧanѧdѧ   fforѧ   ttheee    ѧmisѧsѧiinng  ccarѧgѧoѧ   stѧѧiѧepѧ   ,   thhe  Arѧcctѧiiiѧcѧ   SSeaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
demand for the missing cargo stiep , the Arctic Sea
2000856
, has been received by the vessels owners according
, da beuen urecived by the vessel owners according
,,   ѧhas  bbeѧѧeenѧ   ѧrreeceiivveedd   byy   tthee   ѧvesѧsѧѧelѧ   owѧnѧeerrss   acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, has been received by the vessel owners according
2000857
to police in Finland . For a full list of TV Movies
to police in Finlanwd . Fbr a fall gst of TV Mpvies
ѧttoѧ  ppolѧѧicѧeѧ   inѧ   Fѧinѧllѧannѧѧdѧ   .   Fѧorѧ   a   ѧfalѧlѧ  gesstt   ofѧ  ѧTTV   Mѧoѧviieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to police in Finland . For a fall gest of TV Movies
2000858
for the week of Sept . Fry broke the " sad news " to
fo the eek of Sept . Fryy brokw tha" sad unews " to
fѧѧor  tthee  weѧekѧ   ofѧ   SSepptѧ   .   Frrѧyyy   brѧѧokѧeѧ   tthe  "    sadd    nnѧewѧss   "   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for the week of Sept . Fry broke the " sad news " to
2000859
his followers on Twitter , paying tribute to the cast
his fodllohers on Twitter , paylng thibuteto the cft
ѧhhisѧ    foѧѧlѧlѧѧowѧѧerrss   onѧ   Twwѧitѧtѧeerr   ,   paayѧѧinngg   tthѧiѧѧѧutѧѧ  tto   tthee  coѧfttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
his followers on Twitter , paying thiut to the coft
2000860
and crew of the ITV show . U.S forces first landed
amd crew of the ITV show . U. forcesfirs landed
aanѧdѧ   crrѧewѧ   ofѧ   tthee   IѧTTV   shhѧowѧ   .   U.S.  fforrcѧees  fiirrss   llanndѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and crew of the ITV show . U.S. forces firs landed
2000861
in Afghanistan in October 2001 . There is a good chance
in Afghapniswan in Otober 2001 . Thereg is a good chance
ѧinѧ   Afggѧhѧaaannѧiisѧtѧaanѧ   inѧ   Octtobѧeerѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ1   .   TThherreeѧ    isѧ   a   ѧgoѧodѧ   chhѧanѧcѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Afghanistan in October 2001 . There is a good chance
2000862
that shareholders may generally support and vote for
that shareholderbs may generally spuort atnd vote for
ѧtthѧatѧ   shhѧarѧeehhholѧdѧeerrѧѧss   ѧmayѧ   ѧgenѧeerraalѧllyy   ssppѧѧorѧtѧ   aaѧnѧdѧ   ѧvotѧee   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that shareholders may generally sport and vote for
2000863
these provisions . The two nuclear rivals have been
these provisixons q The wo nuclear rivals have been
ѧtthѧeseeѧ   prrѧovѧѧisѧiiiionnѧss   .   TThee  ttwoѧ   nucclleeaarѧ   rrivѧѧalѧss   hhavѧeѧ   ѧbeѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
these provisions . The two nuclear rivals have been
2000864
locked in a long and bitter dispute over the Kashmir
lpecked in a long and bitter distukte ovrer th Kahshmir
ѧѧpѧѧecѧkѧeedѧ   inѧ   a   ѧlonngѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧbitѧtѧeerr   ddisѧttѧurѧtѧee   ovvѧѧeerѧ   thhe  Kaaѧѧsѧhhmѧѧirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pecked in a long and bitter disturte over the Kashmir
2000865
region , which was not named specifically in the statement
regionx, whicc was notynagmed specifically in twhe sbtatevmeknt
ѧrѧegѧѧioonnѧ  ,,   whhicѧhh   ѧwasѧ   ѧnott ѧnѧѧagѧmѧeedѧ   sppeecciifѧiicѧaalѧllyy   inѧ    thheee   sssttѧatteeѧѧmmeeennѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
region , which was not nagmed specifically in the statement
2000866
. Relax Tapper , Fox News already hacks everything
.zRevldx Tapper , Fkox News alreaady hacks everything
..   Reevolѧdѧѧѧ   TTapѧpѧeerѧ   ,   Fѧѧѧoxѧ   Nѧewѧss   alѧrѧeeѧaaѧdѧyѧ   hѧacѧkѧss   evveerryytthhѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Revold Tapper , Fox News already hacks everything
2000867
president Obama does to pieces 24 hours a day . The
president Obwma does to ieces 24k hours atdayg. The
ѧprreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   Obѧѧamѧaa    doeess   tto   piecccesѧs  2ѧ4ѧѧ   hѧouurѧss   at  dѧayѧ   ..  TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
president Obama does to piecess 24 hours at day . The
2000868
team seemed to jell after that , earning a sixth seed
tdam seemed to jell afpter that , earing a sixth seed
ѧtteѧamѧ   sseѧemѧѧedѧ   tto   ѧselѧlѧ   aѧѧfѧtѧeerѧ   tthѧatѧ   ,   eaarѧѧiingg   a    sixѧtthѧ   sseѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
team seemed to sell after that , earing a sixth seed
2000869
in the West Region with a record of 25-8 . The Giants
itse West Rkvgion with a record yfa25-8 . The Gians
ѧittsѧѧ    WWesstt   Rѧeѧigѧѧiionѧ   wwitth    a   rrecѧѧorѧdѧ   ofѧ   2ѧ5--ѧ8ѧ  .   TThee   Giiaanѧtsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
its West Reigion with a record of 25-8 . The Giants
2000870
have three weeks to decide whether to activate or release
have three weeks tvo decide wheher pto activate or release
ѧhѧavѧeѧ    thrrreѧe   ѧweѧeksss    tѧoo    decѧѧidѧeѧ   wwheethherr    ttoo   acѧtѧiivѧѧatѧee   orr   rrelѧeeaѧsѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have three weeks to decide whether to activate or release
2000871
him . Trading or releasing the 2006 NFL MVP remains
him . Trading orreileasingqthe 2006 NFwL MVP remains
ѧhѧimѧ   .   Trraadѧiinngg   orrrrreeѧlleeaasѧiinngg   tthee   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6   NѧFѧѧѧLѧ ѧMѧVѧPѧ  rremѧaaiѧnѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
him . Trading oreleasing the 2006 NFL MVP remains
2000872
an option for the Chargers . The Courier-Journal reported
an optin for the Chdarger . The Coaurhir-Jomrnal reported
ѧanѧ   opѧtѧiionn  fforr   tthee   CChhѧѧarѧgѧeerѧ   .   TThee   CCoaѧuurѧhhѧirѧѧ-ѧJѧouѧrrnѧaalѧ   rrepѧѧorѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an option for the Charger . The Coaurhir-Journal reported
2000873
records reveal 39 of the company 's 166 driver violations
recurds reveai 39 ofthe company 'sp166sdriver violations
ѧreecѧѧorrdѧss   reevѧeeaѧlѧd  3ѧ9ѧ  ofѧ  thee   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧ   'ss  11ѧ6ѧ6ѧ  drrѧivѧeerѧ   ѧvioollѧattiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
records reveald 39 of the company 's 166 driver violations
2000874
in the past two years were for driving too many hours
i the past two yeas were for driving too many hours
iѧn   thee   pѧasѧtѧ   ttwoo   ѧyeaarss  wwerree    forr   drrѧivѧѧinngg    toѧo    manѧyѧ   hѧouurѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the past two years were for driving too many hours
2000875
or not resting long enough . The newspaper industry
or not reseing long enough . The newspaper industrvy
ѧorr   ѧnotѧ   reessѧeѧiinng   ѧlonngѧ   enѧѧouughhh   .   TThee   nnewѧssppѧapѧeerr   inndѧѧussttrrѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or not reseing long enough . The newspaper industry
2000876
has complained that the FCC did not go far enough ,
has compainked that the FCC did not go vfar kaough ,
ѧhѧasѧ   ccomѧplѧaiinѧѧѧeedѧ    thѧatѧ   tthee   FѧCѧCѧ  ddidѧ   nnotѧ   ѧgo    ffѧarr    nѧѧouugѧhh   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has complained that the FCC did not go far nough ,
2000877
while activists who want to keep big media companies
while activits who want t kemp bio meda copanies
ѧwwhѧilѧeѧ  aaccttiivѧѧisttss   whoo   wwanѧtѧ  tto  ѧkeѧepѧ   ѧbioѧ   ѧmediia   ccomppanѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
while activists who want to keep bio media companies
2000878
from getting bigger said the agency went too far .
from gettng igger said the agency wen toro far .
ѧffrѧomѧ   ѧgetѧtiinng  bigѧgѧeerѧ    saiѧdѧ   tthee   aggѧenncѧyѧ   wwennt   toѧoѧѧ   ffarr   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from getting bigger said the agency went too far .
2000879
The former leader , who has taken a high-profile role
nTde former leadert, who hasb taken a high-profile role
ѧѧѧTThee   fforrmѧeerѧ   ѧleaadѧѧerrѧ  ,,  wwhoo   hѧasѧѧ    ttakѧeenѧ   a   hѧigѧhѧ--ѧprroofѧiilѧeѧ   rѧolѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
The former leader , who has taken a high-profile role
2000880
at the conference , said the two party 's stances on
at the confeence x seid othettwo arty 's stanceo on
ѧatѧ   tthee   cconѧfѧeerennccee   ,    saiidd    tttheeѧ  ttwoo  parrtѧyy   's    sttѧanncѧeeѧѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at the conference , said the two party 's stance on
2000881
the European Union were too far apart for them to form
the uropean Union were too sfar mpart fot them to frm
ѧtthee  Eurrѧopѧeeaann   Unѧiioonѧ   wwerreѧ    toѧo    fѧѧarѧ   ѧpѧѧarѧtѧ    forѧ   ttheemѧ   tto  firrmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the European Union were too far part for them to firm
2000882
an alliance in the event of a hung Parliament . Calvin
an alliancwz in the event ofu a hung narliamnt . Caluvin
ѧanѧ   alѧlѧiiaanncѧeѧѧ    inѧ   tthee   evѧeenѧtѧ   ofѧѧ    a   hѧunѧgѧ   ѧparrlliaaameentt   .   CCallѧuvѧѧinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an alliance in the event of a hung parliament . Caluvin
2000883
Johnson , an attorney for Daniel 's parents , said
Johnson , n attorneyrfor Danel 'soparents ,aid
ѧJoohѧnѧssѧonn   ,   an  atѧtѧѧorrnѧeeyyѧ  fforr   DDanѧielѧ   'ss   pparѧeenѧttss  , saiѧddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Johnson , an attorney for Daniel 's parents , said
2000884
the family is considering an appeal . In 2005 , he
the family is considerinfanv aphl k. In 2005 , he
ѧtthee    famѧiillyѧ   iss   cconѧsѧѧidѧeerriingg  anѧѧ    apѧpalѧ    ...  Inѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ5   ,   heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the family is considering an appal . In 2005 , he
2000885
began sharing the home of Nicholas Queune , who held
ebegn sharnl the homr of Ncholas Queume , who held
ѧѧbeeeѧann   shѧѧarѧiѧѧѧ   tthee   hѧomeer   ofѧ   Nichhoolѧaass   Quueeѧumѧee   ,    whoo   heellddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bean shari the homer of Nicholas Queume , who held
2000886
joint French-U.S. citizenship . Such comparisons aren
joint French-U.S. ctinship . hSuch cobparisons aren
jѧѧoiѧnѧtѧ   Frrѧenѧchhѧѧ-ѧU...S..   cttiionsshhѧipѧ   .     SSucѧhѧ   ccomѧppѧarѧiisѧoonѧss   arѧeennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
joint French-U.S. ctionship . Such comparisons aren
2000887
't entirely fair . Munich-based Infineon , a former
'r ntirelyfair . Munich-based Infineon , a former
''sѧ  enttѧirѧeelly  ffaiirѧ   .   Mѧunnѧicѧhѧѧ-bbѧasѧeedѧ   Inѧfѧѧinѧeeѧonn   ,   a   fforrmѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's entirely fair . Munich-based Infineon , a former
2000888
unit of Siemens , is also carving off the unit into
vunit of Sieens  sxaxlso cartving offn the unit into
ѧѧѧunѧiitt   ofѧ   SSieeѧenѧss  ,  ssѧѧaaѧlѧssoѧ   ccarѧtѧvѧiinngѧ   ofѧfѧѧ    tthee   unѧiitt   inѧttooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
unit of Sieens , salso cartving off the unit into
2000889
a separate section of its accounts for " discontinued
a separat gsmction of itsaccounts fzr " discontinued
ѧa    seppѧarrѧatte   ssѧaccttiioonѧ   ofѧ   itts  acѧcѧѧouunttѧss   fforѧ   "    disѧccѧonѧtѧѧinѧuѧeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a separate saction of its accounts for " discontinued
2000890
" operations , it said in a statement late Monday .
" operations , it said n a sretatementlate Mondae .
ѧ"   opѧeerѧaattiioonѧsѧ   ,   itѧ    saiѧdѧ   in  a    sѧѧettѧatѧeemmeenѧt  llatѧee   Mѧonnddѧayѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" operations , it said in a setatement late Monday .
2000891
Full of admiration for his 22-year-old captain , Walcott
Fullcof akdmiration for his 22-year-oldcaptain , Walcott
ѧFѧulѧlѧѧѧѧofѧ   aѧѧdѧmѧѧirѧѧattiioonѧ   fforѧ   hhisѧ   2ѧ2ѧ--yѧeaarr--oolld  ccapѧtѧaaiinѧ   ,   WWalѧccѧotѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fullof admiration for his 22-year-old captain , Walcott
2000892
, who also got his name on the scoresheet after coming
, who aoso bovlhis name onthj scoresheet after coming
,,    whoo   alѧssoѧ   ѧbovѧѧ  hhiss   ѧnamѧee   on  thheѧ  sscѧѧorѧeesshѧѧeѧetѧ   afѧtѧeerѧ   ccomѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, who also bov his name on the scoresheet after coming
2000893
on as a second half substitution , said : " He is fantastic
onpas a sebnd half substitution , sai : " He is antgstic
ѧonѧ  ѧasѧ   a   sseconndd   hhalѧfѧ    subѧssttiitѧuuttiioonѧ   ,   ssaiѧd  :   "   Hee   iss  aanѧtѧѧisѧtѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on as a second half substitution , said : " He is antistic
2000894
to play with . I think he is caught in precisely the
vo play with . k think he is canught in precisely the
tѧѧo   pllѧayѧ    witth    .   I    thѧinѧkѧ   hee   isѧ   ccaѧѧuugghttѧ   inѧ   prreecѧiisѧeellyy    theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to play with . I think he is caught in precisely the
2000895
position that the Fed found itself in last fall . Web
position that te Fed found tetf in xlast fall . Web
ppѧosѧiittiioonѧ    thѧatѧ  tthe   Fѧedd   ѧfouunѧdѧ   ѧtenѧtѧ   inѧ    llѧasѧtѧ   ѧfalѧlѧ   .   WWebѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
position that the Fed found tent in last fall . Web
2000896
site : http : / / alumni.gwu.edu / programs / special
site o: http : / / alumti.cwu.edu / progrtaml / special
ѧsѧitѧeѧ     :  hhtѧtѧѧpp  :   /   /   allѧumѧtѧiiѧ.cowѧѧѧ..ѧedduuѧ  /   prrooggrrѧѧaamѧlѧ   /   sspeecciiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
site : http : / / alumti.cow.edu / programl / special
2000897
/ entrepreneurship . The spy 's success hinged on an
/ entrepeneudrship  Tmhe spy 'ns succes hiqged onan
ѧ/   enѧtѧrreeppѧenѧeeuѧѧerrsshhѧipѧ  .  TThheee  ssppyy   ''ѧsѧ   ssucѧcѧeesѧs  hѧigѧgѧeedѧ   on  anѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
/ entrepeneuership . The spy 's success higged on an
2000898
unusual family history of migration from Russia to
unusal family histury ofmigration from Rssia to
ѧunѧѧusuualѧ    famѧiillyѧ   hѧisѧtѧѧorѧyѧ   of  ѧmiggrraattiioonѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Ruusѧsiaa   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
unusual family history of migration from Russia to
2000899
Iowa and back . But it pushed the Liberals into third
Iowa and back . But itpushed the Liberals into thid
ѧIoowѧaa   anѧdѧ   bbacѧkѧ   .   Bѧutѧ   it  pѧusѧhheedѧ   tthee   Lѧibѧeerѧaalѧss   inѧttoo   thhѧirѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Iowa and back . But it pushed the Liberals into thir
2000900
place in Hyndburn and Blackpool and only dropped below
lace in Hyndbur and Bsackpooland only droppedd below
plѧacceѧ   inѧ   Hѧynndѧbѧѧurrѧ  anѧdѧ   Bѧѧѧacѧkѧppѧoѧol  anndѧ   onѧllyy   drrѧopѧpѧeeddѧ     belѧѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
place in Hyndbur and Backpool and only dropped below
2000901
1,000 votes in a handful of the counting areas . The
1,000votesqin ah hndful f the counting ares rt The
ѧ1ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0  votѧeess   inѧ   aѧѧ  hanѧdѧѧfuulѧ   of   thee   ѧcouunѧtѧiinngѧ  aarѧeeas   .ѧѧ   TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
1,000 votes in a handful of the counting areas . The
2000902
government has sent additional soldiers and police
governmenthask sent additional smldiers rd olice
ggѧovveerrnnmmeenѧt  hѧasѧѧ    ssenntѧ   adѧdѧѧittiioonѧaalѧ   ssollddiieerrss   and  polѧѧicѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
government has sent additional soldiers and police
2000903
to secure the area and hunt for the attackers . 11
to secuhe bh area rnd hunt for the athckers . 11
ѧttoѧ  ssecѧuurѧee   the  aarreeaѧ   anndѧ   hѧunѧtѧ   fforr   tthee   atѧticѧkѧѧerѧss   .   1ѧ1ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to secure the area and hunt for the attickers . 11
2000904
in Atlantic City to celebrate the eighth anniversary
in Atlantic City to celebrate theqeigth angivsosary
ѧinѧ   Atѧlѧѧanѧttiicѧ   CCittyѧ   tto    celleebbrraatѧee   tthee  ѧeѧigghthѧ   anѧgѧѧivѧѧѧѧѧsѧѧarѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Atlantic City to celebrate the eighth angivsary
2000905
of " Mike & Mike in the Morning " co-hosts Mike Golic
of "qMke & Mike in the Morninga" cyo-hostrs Mike Goclic
ѧofѧ   "   Makee   &   Mѧikѧee   inѧ   tthee   MMorrnѧiinngѧ   "   ccѧoo--ѧhѧosѧtѧѧѧsѧ   MMikѧeѧ   Gѧoѧѧlѧiicѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of " Make & Mike in the Morning " co-hosts Mike Golic
2000906
and Mike Greenberg . Put the light on -- better , light
and Mike Grenberg x Put the ligt on -- beter , lcpght
ѧanѧdѧ   MMikѧeѧ   Grrѧenѧbbѧerѧgѧ   .   Pѧutt   tthee   ѧlighht   onѧ   -ѧ-   ѧbetѧterr   ,   ѧlѧѧigghttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Mike Grenberg . Put the light on -- better , light
2000907
some flattering candles . Households ' outlay on essentials
sofme flatltqeriqng candless . ouseholds  outlay on essentals
sѧѧoѧѧmѧeѧ   fflѧatѧѧѧtѧѧѧeerѧѧiinnggѧ   ѧcanѧdѧllѧesѧss   .  Houusѧeehhѧolldѧss  ,  ouutѧllѧayѧ   onѧ   esѧsѧѧenѧtiialѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
some flattering candless . Households , outlay on essentials
2000908
was found to be 5 a week lower in July 2009 compared
waspfomund to be 5 a week lower ipnJuly 2009 comppre
wѧѧasѧ  fѧѧoѧѧuunѧdd   tto   bee  ѧ5ѧ  a   wweѧekѧ    lowѧeerѧ   inѧ   JJulѧyѧ  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9   ѧcomѧppѧarѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was found to be 5 a week lower in July 2009 compared
2000909
with a year earlier , while spending power for discretionary
with a year earler , whilaj spending power for discretiqonary
wwѧitth    a   ѧyeaarѧ   eearѧliierr   ,    whѧilѧeѧѧ    sppѧenѧdѧiinngѧ   pѧowѧeerr   fforr    disѧccrreetttiiioonnѧarѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with a year earlier , while spending power for discretionary
2000910
items was 9 a week higher . " The Taliban proved they
vtemss was 9 a week hiher . " he Tlmban provei theby
ѧitteemmsssѧ   ѧwasѧ  ѧ9ѧ  a   wweѧekѧ   hiighherr   .   "  Thee   TTimѧbѧѧanѧ   prrѧovѧeedѧ   ttheeeѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
items was 9 a week higher . " The Timban proved they
2000911
wanted to fight for Garmser and we took the fight to
wanted o fight or Gajrmser and we took the figt to
wѧѧanѧtѧѧedѧ  to   ffigѧhhtѧ  forr   Gѧaѧѧrѧmѧѧѧѧerѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧwe    toѧokѧ   tthee    figghtt  ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
wanted to fight for Garmer and we took the fight to
2000912
them , " he told a news conference in Kabul . For more
them v z he told a news conferencq in Kabul . For more
ѧttheemѧ   ,   "   hee    tolldѧ   a   ѧnewѧss   cconѧfѧѧerѧeenncceѧ   inѧ   Kaabbѧulѧ   .   Fѧorr   ѧmorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
them , " he told a news conference in Kabul . For more
2000913
information , visit the US Oncology Research section
nformation , visit te US Oncology Research secton
innfforrmѧaattiioonn   ,   ѧvisѧiitѧ  tthe   UѧSѧ  Onѧcѧѧolѧѧogѧyy   Reesseeaarcchhѧ   ssecѧtѧionѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
information , visit the US Oncology Research section
2000914
under About US Oncology on the company 's Web site
undej About US Oncoozy on phej cempank 's Web ste
ѧunѧdeerr  . Abboouutѧ   UѧSѧ  Onѧccooѧozѧyy   onѧ    theee    ccomѧpѧaanѧyѧ   'ss   WWebѧ  sitteeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
under . About US Oncoozy on the company 's Web site
2000915
, www.usoncology.com. They don 't want Obama to succeed
, wwn.usoncoloyy.com. They dobn 'tc wanbt jObama to subceed
,,   wѧwѧw...ussѧonѧccoolѧѧoyѧyy..cѧѧomѧ...  TTheeyѧ   ѧdoѧѧnn  ''tѧ     wwannѧѧtѧ    ѧObѧaamѧaѧ   tto   ssucѧcѧѧeѧeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, www.usoncoloyy.com. They don 't want Obama to succeed
2000916
that 's all there is to it . However , recent analysis
that ' sall there is txo it . Howeverb, recentanalysis
ѧtthѧatѧ   's   ѧalѧlѧ    theerree   iss    tooo   itѧ   .   HHowweevѧeerr  ,,, rreecѧѧenѧt  anѧaallѧysѧiѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that 's all there is to it . However , recent analysis
2000917
of more of the flints revealed that they were from
of morex of the fint rveled that hjey were fraom
ѧofѧ   ѧmorѧeeѧ    ofѧ   thhee   ffinѧtt  revѧeellѧedd    thѧatѧ  tthheeyy   wwerree   ffrrroomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of more of the fint reveled that they were from
2000918
the end of the Upper Palaeolithic period -- the Old
the end of the pper Palaeolithicp period g- the Ojd
ѧtthee   enѧdѧ   ofѧ   tthee  papѧeerr   Paallaaѧѧѧollѧitѧhѧiicѧѧѧ   peerriioodd   -ѧ-ѧ   thee   Orѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the end of the paper Palaolithic period -- the Ord
2000919
Stone Age -- 14,000 years ago . The passive voles might
Stosne Age --14,000 years ago . The passive oles might
ѧSStѧoѧѧnѧeѧ   Agѧee  ѧ-ѧ- 1ѧ4ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   yyeaarrss  aagѧoѧ   .   TThee   pѧasѧsѧiivveѧ  rolѧeess    migѧhhtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Stone Age -- 14,000 years ago . The passive roles might
2000920
simply be conserving their energy for more important
simply be cosevini their energy fnr mwfre importan
sѧѧimѧppllyѧ   bbe   closseeѧѧiinnѧ    tthheeirѧ   enѧeerrgѧyѧ   fforѧ    mѧѧorѧee   imѧppѧorttѧѧanѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
simply be closein their energy for more important
2000921
things , she suggested , such as searching for a new
tjings , sheo usuggesxed , sguch as searching fork a new
ѧtthѧinngѧss   ,    sheeeѧ    ssѧugѧgѧeesѧtѧeedѧ   ,    sѧѧucѧhѧ   asѧ   sseaarѧchhѧiinngѧ    forrѧ    a   ѧnewѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
things , she suggested , such as searching for a new
2000922
mate . In France the impact of the credit crunch has
mate . zn France the impact of the creditcuch hs
mѧѧatѧee   .   Inѧ   Frrѧannceeѧ    thee   imѧppѧacѧtѧ   ofѧ   tthee   crrѧeddiitt crucchh   hasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
mate . In France the impact of the credit cruch has
2000923
taken many by surprise . Neither markets nor shareholders
takeonmany byw surprife .Nxeither marketsd nozr shareholders
ѧttakѧeѧѧoѧ  mѧanѧyѧ   byyѧ     surѧpprriisѧee  .. Nѧѧѧeeithhѧeerѧ   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧѧsѧ     noѧѧrѧ   shhѧarѧeehhholldѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
takeo many by surprise . Neither markets nor shareholders
2000924
were told that the bank had lent a further 36.6 billion
were told that therank hadkent a furherg 36. billion
wwѧerreѧ    tolldѧ    thѧatѧ   thhe  rѧanѧkѧ   hѧad  ѧsenѧtѧ   a   ffurrthherrѧ    3ѧ6..5  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were told that the rank had sent a further 36.5 billion
2000925
to RBS and 25.4 billion to HBOS . There are at least
tz RBS and 25.4 billiou to HBOS . bherxee are atx last
ѧtoѧ   RѧBѧSѧ  anѧd    2ѧ5ѧ..4ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧ   tto   HѧBѧOѧSѧ  ..   Theerrѧѧeeѧѧ  aarѧee   atѧѧ    leassttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to RBS and 25.4 billion to HBOS . There are at least
2000926
two key rationales for doing so , Nothaft says . But
tws key rationales for doink so m, Nothaft saes . But
ѧttwoѧ   ѧkeyy   rѧattiionnѧaalѧeess    forr   ѧdoiinngѧ    so     ,   Nѧotthhѧaѧѧtѧ   ssayѧss   .   Bѧutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
two key rationales for doing so , Nothat says . But
2000927
the question is whether any of this can last . The
the question is whether any of txhis canp last . eThe
ѧtthee   qquuesѧttiioonѧ   isѧ   wwheetthheer    annyy   ofѧ    tthhѧiss   ccanѧѧѧ    lasѧtѧ   .     TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the question is whether any of this can last . The
2000928
fasting-glucose test had missed 62 percent of those
fasting-elucose test had midsed 62 fercucnt of those
fѧѧasѧtѧiinngѧ--ѧelѧѧucѧѧosѧee   ttesѧtt   hѧadѧ   ѧmisѧsѧeedѧ  ѧ6ѧ2ѧ  pperrccѧѧeenntt   ofѧ   tthѧoseeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fasting-elucose test had missed 62 percent of those
2000929
cases , and the A1C had missed 83 percent . Time and
oasets , and the A1C huadrmissed e3 percent . hTime and
ѧѧaѧsѧѧettss   ,   anѧdѧ   tthee  ѧAѧ1ѧCѧ  hѧaaѧddѧ mѧѧisѧsѧeedѧ    ѧ3ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   .    ѧTTimѧeѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
asets , and the A1C had missed 3 percent . Time and
2000930
again the Saints scrum buckled , but referee Nigel
again the aint crum buskle j but referee Nigef
aagѧaaiinn   tthee  aaiinntt   crrѧumѧ   bbusѧkѧllee   ,   bbutt   reefѧѧerѧѧeѧee  Nѧiggeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
again the aint crum buskle , but referee Niger
2000931
Owens only issued warnings . Her sister , Tynatta James
Owens ouly issbedyyarains . Her sister ,Tynatta rames
ѧOwѧeenѧss   ouѧllyy   isѧsuѧѧeeddѧѧ  ѧarѧѧaiinѧss   .   HHerѧ   ssisѧtѧeerѧ  ,  Tyynnѧatѧtѧaa   Jѧamѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Owens ouly issued arains . Her sister , Tynatta James
2000932
, 64 , remembers the February 2008 day the family reported
, 64 , remembers the February 2008 day the famly reportd
,,   6ѧ4ѧ  ,   reemѧѧemѧbѧeerrss    thee   Fѧebѧrruuaarѧyy  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8    dayѧ    thee   ѧfamiilly   reepѧѧorѧteddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, 64 , remembers the February 2008 day the family reported
2000933
Battle missing . The man she married adopted him ,
Bdatatle missing . The zman he married adopted him ,
ѧBѧѧѧatѧѧatѧlleѧ   ѧmisѧsѧiinngѧ   .   TThee   ѧmѧѧann   hee   ѧmarѧrѧiieedѧ   adѧѧopѧttѧedѧ   hѧimѧ   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Batatle missing . The man he married adopted him ,
2000934
yet shunned him . Cladding will also be added to the
yet shunneo him . Cladinog will also bexabddeb to the
yѧѧett   shѧѧunѧnѧeedѧ   hѧimѧ   .   Cllaadѧiiingggѧ    wilѧlѧ   alѧsѧoѧ   bee  aabѧdѧdѧeedѧ   tto   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
yet shunned him . Clading will also be abdded to the
2000935
chalets to improve heat and fuel efficiency . I 'm
chalets to mprove heet and tuel yfficiency . I 'm
ѧchhѧalѧѧetѧss   tto   impprѧovѧee   heeѧett   anѧdѧ   ѧtuѧelѧ   efѧfѧѧicciѧѧennccyy   .   I   'mѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
chalets to improve heet and tuel efficiency . I 'm
2000936
not interested in doing something intentionally to
notinterested in doings somjthing iuntentzionally to
nѧѧot  inntteerѧѧesѧtѧeedѧ   inѧ   ѧdoiinnggѧs    somѧeetthhiinngѧ   iinnѧtѧeennttѧiiioonѧaalѧllyy   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
not interested in doings something intentionally to
2000937
prove something , but I 'm extremely open to exploring
prove somethuing , but I 'gn extremely open to explkouring
ѧprrѧovѧee    somѧeetthhѧiiinggѧ   ,   bbutѧ   I   'dѧѧ    exѧttrreemѧeellyy   opѧeenѧ   tto   exѧppѧllѧѧouurѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
prove something , but I 'd extremely open to explouring
2000938
new territory . On Tuesday morning , a three-hour patrol
new territory . n Tusday morning , a three-hourxpatrol
nnѧewѧ   tterѧrѧѧitѧѧorѧyy   .   On  TTuessdѧayy   ѧmorrnѧiinngѧ   ,   a    thrrreѧe--ѧhѧouurѧѧ  pѧattrrѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
new territory . On Tuesday morning , a three-hour patrol
2000939
of an Iraqi battalion along dusty country roads in
ofetabn Iraqi battalioy along dsty country roads in
ѧofѧ ѧtthaѧѧnѧ   Irѧaaqѧii   ѧbatѧtѧaalѧѧiѧѧyѧ   allѧonngѧ  dasѧttyѧ   ccouunѧttrryy   rroaaddss   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of than Iraqi battaliy along dasty country roads in
2000940
the southwestern part of the province turned up a small
the southxestern art of tupe prrvince turned uv a sall
ѧtthee   ѧsouѧtthhwweesstteerrnѧ  parѧtѧ   ofѧ   tthѧeeѧ   prrѧovѧѧinncceѧ   tturѧnѧeedѧ   upѧ   a   smalѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the southwestern part of the province turned up a small
2000941
cache of explosive devices and resulted in some friendly
cache o explosive devices and resulted in some frendly
ccѧaachѧee   of  exѧppllѧosѧѧiveeѧ    devѧѧicѧeess   anѧdѧ   reesѧѧulѧtѧeedѧ   inѧ    somѧeѧ  ffriѧenndѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cache of explosive devices and resulted in some friendly
2000942
conversations at checkpoints , but little else . It
converstions t heckpoints, but little else  It
ccѧonѧvѧeerѧsattiioonѧss   to chѧecѧkѧpppoiinѧtѧs  ,,  bbutѧ    litѧtѧlleѧ   elѧsѧeѧ  .  Ittѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
conversations to checkpoints , but little else . It
2000943
became difficult to move . Surging prices have sparked
beame difficult to move . Surgging prmices have parkeud
bbeecamѧeѧ   ѧdifѧfѧѧicѧѧulѧtѧ   tto   ѧmovѧee   .   SSurѧgѧѧѧiinngg   prrrѧѧicѧeѧss   hѧavѧeѧ   pѧarѧkѧѧeeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
became difficult to move . Surging prices have parked
2000944
criticism in the local press about the affordability
criticism in the ocal press aboutzvhe aftordability
ѧcrrѧittiicѧiissmѧ   inѧ   tthee  locѧaalѧ   prrresѧss   abbѧouutѧ   thhee   afѧfѧѧorrdѧaabbiilѧiitѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
criticism in the local press about the affordability
2000945
of housing in Hong Kong . Tory backbencher Douglas
o housiing iyn Hongb Kong . Tory backenchr Dougleas
ѧof  hhouusѧѧiinnggѧ   iinnѧ   Hѧonѧgѧѧѧ   Kѧonѧgѧ   .   TTorѧyy   ѧbacѧkѧѧenѧcѧherr   Dѧouugѧlleeѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of housing in Hong Kong . Tory backencher Dougles
2000946
Carswell , who has tabled the motion of no confidence
Carswell , who has tabled the moxtion of no confidence
ѧCCarѧsswwѧelѧlѧ   ,   wwhoo   hѧasѧ   ѧtabѧlleedѧ   tthee   ѧmoѧѧttiioonѧ   ofѧ   ѧno   cconѧfѧѧidѧeenncѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Carswell , who has tabled the motion of no confidence
2000947
in Mr Martin , earlier said he had 15 signatures from
in Myr Martin , earlizr said heh had 5 signatures from
ѧinѧ   MMrrѧ   MMarѧtѧѧinѧ   ,   eearrlѧiieerr   ssaiѧdѧ   hheѧ    hѧadѧ  ѧ5ѧ   siggnnaattѧurѧeesѧ   ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Mr Martin , earlier said he had 5 signatures from
2000948
" highly respected Parliamentarians from right across
" hghly repected Pariamentarnibans fro right acrosj
ѧ"  hiighhllyy   reespѧecѧtѧeedѧ   Paarrliiammeenѧtѧaarѧѧѧiiiѧѧanѧss   ffrѧom  rѧighhttѧ   acѧrѧѧosѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" highly respected Parliamentarians from right across
2000949
the political spectrum . " One source of concern is
tse politiecal spectrum . " One souce of oncerns
ѧthhee   ppolѧiitѧiiiѧcѧaalѧ   sppeecѧttrrѧumѧ   .   "   Onѧeѧ   ssourccee   ofѧ  conѧcѧeernnѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the political spectrum . " One source of concerns
2000950
Portugal 's fetish for infrastructure . And they are
Portuxgal 'lfetisoh for inrastructurpc  And they are
ѧPѧorrttѧugѧgѧaalѧ  ''s ѧfѧerѧѧissѧѧhѧ   fforr   inѧfrrassttrrѧucctѧѧurreѧѧѧ  .  Anѧdѧ   ttheeyѧ   arѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Portuggal 's ferish for infrastructure . And they are
2000951
being strangled . State officials have said that they
being strangled .uStattvfficials havehsaid that they
bbeeѧinngg   sstrrѧanѧgѧlleedѧ   .   Sttѧatte   ѧofѧficciiaalѧss   hѧavѧeѧ  sssaiѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   ttheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
being strangled . State officials have said that they
2000952
can save more than 28 million a year by suspending
can save moresthan 28 million a year by suspendng
cѧѧanѧ   ssavѧee   ѧmorѧeѧ   tthѧanѧ  22ѧ8ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioon    aѧ  ѧyeaarѧ   byy    susѧpѧѧenѧdiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
can save more than 28 million a year by suspending
2000953
state absentee ballot requirements . Citigroup said
stxte absentee hllot jequirements . Cittgrocup said
ssttѧatѧee   abѧsѧѧenѧtѧѧeѧe  halѧlѧѧott    reqquuiirѧeemmeenѧtѧss   .   CCitѧyѧggrrѧoѧѧuupѧ    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
state absentee hallot requirements . Citygroup said
2000954
before the opening bell that it agreed to a deal in
befoe the openidng ell that it greed tox a dea in
bbeeffѧoree   thee   opѧeenѧѧiinnggѧ  felѧlѧ    thѧatѧ   itѧ  agrrѧeѧedd   ttoѧ    a   ideaal  inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
before the opening fell that it agreed to a ideal in
2000955
which the U.S. government and private investors including
whch the Ur.S.governyent and privzte invvestors includin
wwѧhichh    thee   Uѧѧ...S.. ѧgovѧeerrnѧmmeenntѧ   anѧdѧ   prrѧivѧѧatѧee   innѧvvѧeesѧtѧѧorrss   inncclluudѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
which the U.S. government and private investors including
2000956
the government of Singapore and Saudi Arabian Prince
the government of Sigapor and Saudi Arbian Prince
ѧtthee   ѧgovveerrnnmmeenntѧ   ofѧ   Siiggaappѧorr   anѧd    SSauuddii   Arabѧiiianѧ   Prrѧinncceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the government of Sigapor and Saudi Arabian Prince
2000957
Alwaleed Bin Talal will convert their preferred stock
Alwaleed Bin Talal willmtconvert treir preferred stock
ѧAlѧwѧaalѧѧeѧedѧ   Bѧinѧ   TTalѧaalѧ   ѧwilѧlѧѧ   ccѧonѧvѧѧerѧtѧ   tthheeirѧ   prreefѧѧerѧrѧeedѧ   sttѧocѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Alwaleed Bin Talal will convert their preferred stock
2000958
in the struggling bank to common shares . I sent a
in the struggling bank tx lcommonh shares l I ent a
ѧinѧ   tthee   sstrrѧugѧgllliinngѧ   ѧbanѧkѧ   too   ѧcѧѧomѧmѧѧonѧѧѧ   shѧѧarѧeess   .   I  wenntѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the struggling bank to common shares . I went a
2000959
similar contribution to Florida 's Allen West , an
similar cotltribusion tow Flohrida 's AlwleWest , an
sѧѧimѧiilѧaarѧ   cconnnѧttrrѧibѧѧutѧiioonѧ   ttoѧ    Flѧѧoѧѧrѧiidѧaa   'ss   AlѧѧѧѧleeѧWWesstt   ,   anѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
similar contribution to Florida 's AlleWest , an
2000960
officer and patriot caring enough for his soldiers
officer and patriot caring eznougg wor hish soldiers
ѧofѧfѧѧicѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ   pѧattrriioott   ccarѧiinngѧ   ѧѧenѧѧouughhѧ    forѧ   hѧisѧѧ    ssolldѧiieerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
officer and patriot caring enough for his soldiers
2000961
to pop a pair of pistol rounds and his military career
to pop a pair of pitol roundbs anwd hisg militarywcareeer
ѧtto   pѧopѧ   a   pѧaiirѧ   ofѧ   pѧittѧolѧ   rѧouunѧdѧѧѧss   annѧѧdѧ   hhisѧѧ    ѧmilѧiitѧѧarѧyѧ  ccѧarѧeeѧeerrrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to pop a pair of pitol rounds and his military career
2000962
, near a terrorist 's head , to get the data needed
, near anterroris 's head , to et the basa needed
,,   ѧneaarѧ   an  tterѧrѧѧorѧiisst  'ss   heeaadѧ   ,   tto  gett   tthee   bbasѧaѧ    neѧedѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, near an terrorist 's head , to get the basa needed
2000963
to keep some of his men from being murdered by the
to keep somq o his men fqrom bingmurdered by the
ѧtto   kkeѧepѧ    somѧeѧ   of  hhiss   ѧmenn    ffrrѧomѧ  bbeiingg  murѧdѧeerѧeedd   byy   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to keep some of his men from being murdered by the
2000964
terrorist 's associates . " You 'll have to build a
teroist s assoyiates  " You 'lml have to build a
ѧtherrrorisstѧ   's  asѧsѧѧocѧiiaatѧeess  .  "   Yѧouѧ   'lѧlѧѧѧ   hѧavѧeѧ   ttoѧ  bbuiilldѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
therorist 's associates . " You 'll have to build a
2000965
pool , " John said , tearing back a wall of morning
poole, " Johnb saif , ering backa walm f morning
ѧpѧoѧollѧѧ  ,  "   Joohѧnѧѧѧ   ssaiѧdѧ   ,  serrriingg   bbacѧk  a   ѧwalѧmѧ   of   morrnѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pool , " John said , sering back a walm of morning
2000966
glory as we stumbled about the place . Japan plans
gdory as we stzmbed boyut the plac . Japan plans
ѧѧdѧѧorѧyy   asѧ   ѧwee  stѧѧemѧbѧeedѧ  abѧoouuutѧ   tthee   pllѧacee  .   Jaapѧaanѧ   pllaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dory as we stembed about the place . Japan plans
2000967
to hunt almost 1,000 minke and fin whales for research
to hunt almost 1,00minkek andr fin gwhale for reseajrcch
ѧttoѧ  hѧunѧtѧ   alѧmѧѧosttѧ  ѧ1,0ѧ0ѧ0ѧmminѧkѧeesѧ   anѧdѧ     ffinѧ    wѧhhѧalѧee   fforr   reesseeaaaarѧccchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to hunt almost 1,000minkes and fin whale for research
2000968
over the Antarctic summer . South Waziristan lies at
jver the Antarctc lsummeq u South Wazirstan liestat
ѧovѧeerѧ   tthee   Anѧtѧaarѧccticѧ    sѧѧumѧmѧѧerѧ   .ѧ  Sѧouѧtthh   Wѧazѧѧirisstѧѧanѧ   ѧlieessttѧattѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
over the Antarctic summer . South Waziristan liestat
2000969
the southern end of Pakistan 's tribal belt , a largely
the southern end of Pakistan's tribal beltx , a largelny
ѧtthee   ѧsouѧtthheerrnn   enѧdѧ   ofѧ   Pѧakѧiisstaaan  'ss   trrѧibѧѧalѧ   ѧbelѧtѧѧѧ   ,   a   ѧlarѧgѧeellѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the southern end of Pakistan 's tribal belt , a largely
2000970
ungoverned swath of mountains along the Afghan border
ungoverned swath ohf mountains alodg h Afghan brder
ѧunѧggѧovѧeerrnѧeedѧ   swѧѧatthѧ   oѧѧfѧ   ѧmouunnttaaiinѧss   alѧѧonngѧ  the  Afѧgѧhѧaanѧ  borѧdѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ungoverned swath of mountains along the Afghan border
2000971
from where militants mount attacks on security forces
fomf where milisants mcount attbacks onvsecurtty fowces
ffromѧѧ     whѧerѧee   ѧmilѧiittaanntѧss   ѧcѧѧouunѧtѧ   atѧtѧѧѧѧacѧkѧss   onѧ  sssecѧuurѧiittyѧ   fforrcѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from where militants count attacks on security forces
2000972
on both sides of the border . To you " Christians "
on bxth sides of the border . o youn  Chrisytians "
ѧonѧ    botthѧ   ssidѧeess   ofѧ   tthee    borѧdѧeerѧ   .  Toѧ  ѧyouѧѧѧ  ,  CChrriissѧѧtѧiiaanѧss   "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on both sides of the border . To you , Christians "
2000973
out there who are so terrified of " Socialism , " maybe
out there who ar so lterrified osf " Socialism , " maypbe
ѧouutѧ    theerree    whoo  aaree   so   ѧttѧerѧrѧѧifѧiieedѧ   oѧѧfѧ   "   SSocciѧaalѧѧissmѧ   ,   "    mayyѧѧbѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
out there who are so terrified of " Socialism , " maybe
2000974
you should re-read Acts Chapter 4 . So China has to
ybu should re-read Acts Chapter 4 . So zhina hajs to
ѧyyoouѧ  sshѧouulldѧ   ree--rreeaadѧ   Acѧtѧsѧ   CChѧapѧtѧeerѧ  ѧ4ѧ  .   SSo    Chѧinѧaѧ   hѧaѧѧsѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
you should re-read Acts Chapter 4 . So China has to
2000975
pay some attention to world opinion . " When they start
pay some atentio xto woerld opinion . i Whe ihey start
ѧpѧayѧ    somѧeѧ   atѧtenѧtѧiioon   ttoo   ѧwoѧѧѧrlѧdѧ   opѧѧinѧiioonѧ   .   "   WWhѧen   thheyѧ   stѧѧarѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pay some attention to world opinion . " When they start
2000976
putting the RBN in jail , then I will be impressed
putoing the wBNn jail eften I will pbe impressed
ѧpѧutѧtoiiingg    thee    ѧBѧNѧA   ѧjaiilѧ   ofѧtteenn   I    wilѧlѧ    bbee   imѧpprrresѧsѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
puttoing the BNA jail often I will be impressed
2000977
, " Winkler said , noting that would require the feds
, " Winkllersai , noing that would requiurgethe fels
,,   "   Wѧinѧkѧlѧlѧeerѧ ssaiѧd  ,   ѧnoѧiingg    thѧatѧ    wouulldѧ   reeqquuѧiѧѧrѧgѧѧ   thee   ffeѧelsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " Winkller said , noing that would requirg the feels
2000978
to put pressure on the Russian government to stop protecting
toput pressure on the Russqan goavezrnmeut to stop protecinn
ѧtoo pѧutt   prrѧesѧsѧѧurѧeѧ   onѧ   tthee   Rѧusѧsѧiiaanѧ   ѧgoѧѧvveeerrnnmmmeenntѧ   tto   stѧѧopѧ   pprootѧѧecttiinnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to put pressure on the Russian government to stop protectin
2000979
the gang -- not an easy task . Rumford leads by one
the gang -- not asn easy taskg. Rumford leadsk b one
ѧtthee   gganѧgѧ   -ѧ-   ѧnotѧ   aѧѧnѧ   eaasѧyy    tasѧkѧѧ  ..  Rѧumѧffѧorrdѧ   ѧleaadѧssѧ    by  onѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the gang -- not an easy task . Rumford leads by one
2000980
from England 's Simon Dyson , winner of the KLM Open
frm Eigand 's Simon Dyson ,iwinnerilof the mKLM Open
ffromm   Eiѧgѧѧanѧdѧ   's    Siimѧѧonn   Dѧyssѧonn  ,,  wwѧinѧnѧѧerѧѧѧѧ  ofѧ   tthee    ѧKѧLѧMѧ  Opѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from Eigand 's Simon Dyson , winner of the KLM Open
2000981
in Holland two weeks ago . Not surprisingly , the market
in Holland two weeks abeo . Not surprisingzly , the market
ѧinѧ   Hѧolѧllѧanѧdѧ   ttwoo   ѧweѧekѧss   agѧѧooѧ   .   Nѧotѧ    surѧpprrѧisѧѧinngѧѧllyyѧ   ,    thee   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Holland two weeks ago . Not surprisingly , the market
2000982
in Lucie Rie 's work is very healthy , with prices
in Lucie Rie 's wory is very hezlhy , wihyprices
ѧinѧ   Lѧucciiee   Rѧiee   'ss   ѧworѧrѧ   iss   vverryy   heeaalѧthhy   ,   wwithh  prrѧicѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Lucie Rie 's worr is very healthy , with prices
2000983
rising steadily over the last ten years . And in his
risng stedily over themc last ten yars . Apd in hqs
ѧrrisѧiing   sttѧeadiillyѧ   ovѧeerѧ   ttheeeѧѧ    llasѧtѧ   tteѧnn  yyearrs   .   Anѧdd   inѧ   hhissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rising steadily over the last ten years . And in his
2000984
first game in 2005 , on a mid-April Leicester pitch
first game in 2005 , onxuba mid-April Leicester pitch
ffѧirrsstt   ѧgamѧeѧ   inѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ5   ,   onѧѧѧѧѧѧ aa   ѧmidѧ--ѧApѧrѧiilѧ   Lѧeiiccѧesstteerr   pѧitcchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
first game in 2005 , on a mid-April Leicester pitch
2000985
against Ottis Gibson and Phil DeFreitas , Hussey opened
aginst Otis Gixbson and Phl eFreitas , Hussey opirned
aagaainnsstѧ   Oѧѧiiss   Gѧiѧѧbѧssѧonn   anѧdѧ   Phhll    ѧFrrѧeiitѧѧasѧ   ,   Hѧusѧsѧeeyѧ   opѧѧirѧnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
against Ois Gibson and Phl Freitas , Hussey opirned
2000986
with 253 . Imagine how funny it would be if he won
with 253 . Imagine hoz unny it woueld be if he won
wwѧitth   22ѧ5ѧ3ѧ  .   Immaagѧѧineee   hѧowѧ   unѧnѧyy   itѧ    wouulllddѧ   bee   ifѧ   hee    wonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with 253 . Imagine how unny it would be if he won
2000987
? It only takes three weeks for a tiny , fluffy thing
? It onl takes thee weeks fot a tiny , fluffy qhinxg
ѧ?   Itѧ   onѧlyy   takѧeesѧ   tthreѧe   ѧweѧekѧss   ѧforѧ   a   ѧtinѧyѧ   ,   fllѧufѧfѧyy   thhѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
? It only takes three weeks for a tiny , fluffy thing
2000988
that makes you want to cry to pop out . " He left through
that kakes you want to cry to pop out .e  He left throug
ѧtthѧatѧ   ѧmakѧeesѧ   yyouѧ   wwanѧtѧ   tto   crryy   tto   pѧopѧ   ouutѧ   ..   "  Hee   ѧlefѧtѧ   tthhrѧouughhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that makes you want to cry to pop out . " He left through
2000989
a side exit , he did not come through with the rest
a side exlit , he dpid not come thrtough oith otahe rfest
ѧa   ssidѧee   exѧѧѧѧitt   ,   hee    dѧѧidѧ   nnotѧ   ѧcomѧee    thhrrѧoouughhѧ   wwitthѧ    ѧtthheee   ѧrѧѧessttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a side exit , he did not come through with the rest
2000990
of the team , " the US squad 's spokesperson told AFP
onf the teamnp , " the US squad 's spokeserson told AFP
ѧofѧѧѧ   tthee    teaamѧѧѧѧѧ   ,   "    thee   UѧS   sqquuѧadd   'sѧ   sppѧokѧeessperѧssѧonѧ    tolldѧ   AѧFѧPѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the team , " the US squad 's spokesperson told AFP
2000991
. A handful of sites , including Amnesty International
 A hadlulxvof sitesh , including Amnsesty Internathonal
.  A   hѧaѧddѧѧѧllѧѧѧ ѧofѧ   ssitѧeessѧѧ   ,   inncclluudѧiinngѧ   Amѧѧѧsѧeesѧtѧyy   Inѧtteerrnnaattiioonѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. A hadl of sites , including Amsesty International
2000992
and the BBC 's Chinese language edition , were opened
and athe BBCo's Csinese lunguage edoition , were zipened
ѧanѧdѧ    ttthee  ѧBѧBѧC   's    CChiinѧeesѧee   ѧlanngѧuuaagѧee   edѧѧѧiѧttiioonѧ   ,   wwerree   ѧѧipppenѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and the BBC 's Chinese language edition , were ipened
2000993
to reporters on Friday . Among other goals , he said
to reporters con Friduy . Amoidg other gals , hl said
ѧtto   reepѧѧorѧtѧѧerrss    ѧonѧ   Frriiddaayy   .   Ammѧonnngg    otthheerѧ   goaaѧls   ,   hee    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to reporters on Friday . Among other goals , he said
2000994
was improving the academic standings of USC 's medical
was imprmoving them academic standingofdUSC's mrdical
wѧѧasѧ   imѧpprrrѧѧovѧѧinngg   ttheee    acѧѧadѧѧemѧiicѧ   sttѧanѧdѧiingg  ofѧ  ѧUѧSѧC 'ss   ѧmedѧiicѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was improving the academic standing of USC 's medical
2000995
school and hospitals . For individuals and families
schosol and hospitals  For iadiiduals and oamilies
ѧscchhѧoѧѧѧolѧ   anѧdѧ   hѧossppiitѧaalѧss  .  Fѧorr   inѧddiividѧuuaalѧss   anѧdѧ    famѧѧilѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
school and hospitals . For individuals and families
2000996
who are not covered by employers or whose employer-based
who are noc coverpd hb employers rwhose employer-based
wwѧhoo   arѧee   nnotѧ   ccovveerѧeedѧ   heѧ   emѧpplѧѧoyѧѧerrss    wwwhѧosѧeѧ   emѧpplѧѧoyѧѧerѧѧ-bbѧasѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who are not covered he employers whose employer-based
2000997
coverage is inadequate , Clinton would offer expanded
overage gis inadequte , Clinzton would offer xxpatded
ѧovѧeerraaggeѧ    ѧiss   inѧѧadѧѧeqѧuattee   ,   CCllinѧѧѧtѧѧonѧ    wouѧlldѧ   ofѧfѧeerѧ   exѧppѧanѧdѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
overage is inadequate , Clinton would offer expanded
2000998
versions of two existing government programs : Medicare
vbrsions of two existinv government trograms q Medicare
ѧvverѧsѧiioonѧss   ofѧ   ttwoo   exѧѧisѧtѧiinggѧ   ggovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧ   pprroggrraamѧss   .   MMeddiicѧaarѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
versions of two existing government programs . Medicare
2000999
and the health insurance plan offered to federal employees
andhthge health insurance lan onffered to fhederavl employees
ѧanѧdѧ   tthheeѧ   heeaalѧtthѧ   inѧsѧѧurѧѧanncѧeѧ   ѧѧanѧ   oѧѧfѧfѧѧerѧeedѧ   tto    fѧѧedѧeerѧѧaaѧlѧ   emѧppllѧoyѧѧeѧessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and the health insurance an offered to federal employees
2001000
. " Artists and Red Shirts will be invited to partake
.e "Artasts ann Red Shirts will be invited to parttae
...    " Arѧtѧѧasѧttsѧ   anѧdѧ   Reedd   SShѧirѧtѧss    wilѧlѧ   bee   inѧvѧѧitteedd   tto   paarѧtѧ ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " Artasts and Red Shirts will be invited to part the
2001001
in a blood painting , " said a protest leader , Jatuporn
i a blood painting , " said a roest leader ,o Jatoprn
iѧn  a   bllѧoѧodѧ   pѧaiinѧtѧiinngѧ   ,   "    saiѧdѧ   a   rѧoѧesstt   ѧleaadѧѧerr   ,     Jaatѧѧoѧѧѧѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in a blood painting , " said a roest leader , Jaton
2001002
Prompan . An aggressive dealmaker who had already snapped
Prompan . An aggrlesive dealmakezr who had alreadyssnapped
ѧPrrѧomѧpѧaanѧ   .   Anѧ   agѧgѧrrѧѧѧesѧsivѧee   ѧdeaalѧmmѧakkeeerrѧ    whoo   hѧadѧ   alѧrreeaadyyy  ssnѧѧapѧpѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Prompan . An aggressive dealmaker who had already snapped
2001003
up big bank companies including FleetBoston Financial
upr big bank compoanies clugding leetkoston cinancial
ѧuѧѧѧѧ   bbigg   ѧbanѧkѧ   ѧcomѧpppѧaanѧiieess   cllѧuѧѧdѧiinng    ѧleѧѧtѧ ѧѧosst  onn   ѧfinѧѧanncciiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
u big bank companies cluding let ost on financial
2001004
, MBNA and Countrywide Financial , Lewis this time
, MBNAp ad Countywide Fiancial, Lewis thqis time
,,   MѧBѧNѧAѧѧ   andd  CCouunѧtѧyywwѧidѧeѧ   Fiinanncѧiiaalѧ  ,  Lѧewѧiiss    thhѧѧiss   ttimѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, MBNA and Countywide Financial , Lewis this time
2001005
didn 't buy a financial winner when BofA bought Merrill
didn't buy a finacial cinner when BofA boughtMerrill
dѧѧidnn  'tѧ   ѧbuyѧ   a   ffinѧannciiaalѧ   ѧcinѧnѧeerѧ    whѧenѧ   BѧofѧѧAѧ  bbouughhtt  MMerѧrѧѧilѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
didn 't buy a financial cinner when BofA bought Merrill
2001006
Lynch in a rushed deal last September on the same weekend
Lynch i a rushed deal last Septtetber on the svame weekend
ѧLѧynncchѧ   is  a   rѧusѧhѧeedѧ   ѧdeaalѧ   ѧlasѧtѧ   SSeppѧatѧѧemѧbѧeerѧ   onѧ    thee    sѧѧamѧeѧ   wweѧekѧѧenѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Lynch is a rushed deal last Sepatember on the same weekend
2001007
that Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. went under . But
that Lehman Brothers Honldirgs Inca. wentunder . But
ѧtthѧatѧ   Leehhmmѧanѧ   Brrѧotthѧeerrss   Hѧoѧѧlѧddѧinѧgѧss   Innccѧѧ...  ѧwennt  unѧdѧeerѧ   .   Bѧutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. went under . But
2001008
there is not much objection among Britons as " talking
there is not much objeqctiornamong Britonbs as " ltalking
ѧttheerree   iss    notѧ   ѧmucѧhѧ   obѧjѧѧeѧѧcѧttѧioonѧѧ  amѧѧonngѧ   Brriittѧonnѧѧsѧ   asѧ   "    tѧѧalѧkѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
there is not much objection among Britons as " talking
2001009
" surveillance cameras , fitted with loudspeakers ,
" urveoillance cameas , fitqtedt witch loudspeakers ,
ѧ"   urѧvѧeeѧѧiilѧlѧѧanncѧeѧ   ѧcamѧeerass   ,   ѧfitѧѧѧtѧeedѧѧ    wwittthhѧ   ѧlouudѧssppѧeaakѧѧerѧss   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" urveillance cameras , fitted with loudspeakers ,
2001010
are installed , enabling human monitors to shout rebukes
arae installed , enabling human mosmnitors to shout rebukes
ѧarrѧeeѧ   innѧstѧѧalѧlѧeedѧ   ,   enѧaabѧlѧiinngѧ   hѧummѧanѧ   ѧmoѧѧѧѧnѧѧittѧorѧss   tto   shhѧouѧtѧ   reebѧѧukѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are installed , enabling human monitors to shout rebukes
2001011
at anyone spotted dropping litter , relieving themselves
at anyone gpotted drokppqing litter , relieving themselvds
ѧatѧ   anѧyyѧonѧeѧ   sppѧotѧtѧeedѧ   drrѧoѧѧpѧpѧѧѧiinngѧ   ѧlitѧtѧѧerѧ   ,   reelliieevѧѧinngg   ttheemѧsseelѧveeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at anyone spotted dropping litter , relieving themselves
2001012
against a wall or engaging in other " anti-social "
against a wall or engaginggin ktker "oxanti-sohial "
ѧagѧaaiinnsstѧ   a   ѧwalѧlѧ   orѧ   enѧgѧѧagѧѧinngg   inѧ   ѧѧthѧeerѧ   "    ѧanѧtѧii--ssѧocѧiѧaalѧ   "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
against a wall or engaging in ther " anti-social "
2001013
behaviour . The service has about 5 million subscribers
behaviour  The servicexa aou 5nmillion subscribers
bbeehhѧavѧiѧoourrѧ  .  TThee   sserѧvѧѧicceeѧѧѧa   ѧѧouѧ  ѧ5ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonn    subѧssccrrѧibѧeerѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
behaviour . The servicea ou 5 million subscribers
2001014
. In order to get a benefit from switching , it 's
. In rdei to nge a enefit from switching , it 's
..   Inѧ  rrddeerѧ   tto  nѧѧgee   a  benѧeefѧiitѧ   ffrѧomѧ   swwѧitccchѧiinngѧ   ,   itѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. In rder to nge a benefit from switching , it 's
2001015
necessary for the host to have an OBLIGATION to open
necessayfor the bos to havu an OBLIGATIOgN to open
nѧѧecѧѧesѧsѧaary fforѧ   tthee   ѧboyѧs  tto   hѧavѧeѧ   anѧ   OѧBѧLѧIѧGѧATTTIѧOѧѧѧNѧ  tto   opѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
necessary for the boys to have an OBLIGATION to open
2001016
a door to reveal a goat . The KBW Bank ( BKX ) index
a zooqr to redvzeal a goat . The KBWfBrnk ( BKX ) index
ѧa   ѧfoѧoѧѧrѧ   tto   reeѧѧѧvvѧѧeaalѧ   a   ѧgoѧatѧ   .   TThee   KѧBѧWѧ ѧBranѧkѧ   (   BѧKѧXѧ  )   inѧdѧѧexѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a foor to reveal a goat . The KBW Brank ( BKX ) index
2001017
fell 5 % . Earlier this month , the Japanese government
fell h %y. Earlier this monh , theJapanes governent
fѧѧelѧlѧ   3ѧ  %   ..  Eaarrlliieerr   tthѧisѧ   ѧmonѧthh  ,   thhe  JJapѧaanѧeesee   govveerrnmmenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fell 3 % . Earlier this month , the Japanese government
2001018
said it will support Sony , Sharp Corp. , Matsushita
said ig will support Sony , ShxapCorp. , Matsushta
ssѧaiѧdѧ   itѧ    wilѧlѧ   ssupѧpѧѧorѧtѧ   SSonѧyy   ,   Shhѧѧaap  CCorrpp...  ,   MMatѧsѧѧusѧѧѧtѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said it will support Sony , Shap Corp. , Matsusta
2001019
and other domestic companies in joint development of
and other domesvtic companiers in jint devglopment of
ѧanѧdѧ   otthheerr   ѧdomѧѧessѧѧtѧѧicѧ   ѧcomѧpѧѧanѧiieeeѧsѧ   inѧ  jjoinѧtѧ   ѧdevvѧelѧѧopmmmeenѧtѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and other domestic companies in joint development of
2001020
OLED displays , with the plan to develop a 40-inch
lOLED displays , wiqagth the zpban to develop aa 40-inch
ѧѧѧOѧLѧEѧD   ѧdisѧppllѧayѧss   ,   wwiѧѧѧѧѧttѧhѧ   tthee   ѧppllaanѧ   tto   ddevvѧelѧѧopѧ   aa    4ѧ0---inncchѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
OLED displays , with the plan to develop a 40-inch
2001021
OLED display sometime after 2015 . He wanted human
OLED displahm sometime after 215 . He wanted human
ѧOѧLѧEѧD   ѧdisѧppllѧayѧmѧ    somѧeeѧtѧimѧeѧ   afѧtѧeerѧ  20ѧ1ѧ5ѧ  .   Hee   wwanѧtѧeedѧ   hѧummѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
OLED displaym sometime after 2015 . He wanted human
2001022
companionship and he had it , coming and going as he
cojdanionship andehe had it ,hcoming and ghoig as he
ccѧonѧtѧѧanѧiioonnsshhѧipѧ   anѧdѧ   hee   hѧadd   itѧ  ,, ѧccѧomѧiinngѧ   anѧdѧ    gѧѧoiing   asѧ   heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
contanionship and he had it , coming and going as he
2001023
pleased but always returning to the project team ,
leasedbdutv alayb returning to te project team ,
llleaasѧeedѧ   ѧѧutth   aalѧwayyѧb   reettѧurѧnѧiinngg   too  tthe   prrѧojѧѧecѧtѧ   tteaamѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
leased uth alwayb returning to the project team ,
2001024
who took up residence in a house in the fjord . Merrill
who tookdup resihelce in b hosein the ftord . Merrill
wwѧhoo   ѧtoѧokѧ   upѧ   reesѧѧidѧѧenncceѧ   inѧ   a   hѧosse  inѧ   tthee   ѧfѧѧorrdѧ   .   Mѧerѧrѧѧilѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
who took up residence in a hose in the ford . Merrill
2001025
Lynch lost 2.14 billion , or 2.19 per share , after
Lynch lzost 2.14 biklion ,no 2.19 per shae , fter
ѧLѧynncchѧ    lѧѧosѧtѧ  ѧ2ѧ..1ѧ4ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonn  ,,  to  ѧ2ѧ..1ѧ9ѧ  pperr   shѧaaree  ,   afteerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Lynch lost 2.14 billion , to 2.19 per share , after
2001026
paying preferred dividends , during the first quarter
payinx tpreekred dividends , during the first ouarteqr
ѧpѧayyѧinng     tѧrreecѧaѧrѧeedѧ   ddivvѧidѧeenndѧss   ,   ѧdurѧiinngѧ   tthee   ffirrsstt   qquaarѧtѧeeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
paying trecared dividends , during the first quarter
2001027
. Most are single and approaching their forties . He
j Most aree single and aproaching thei fortes . e
.ѧ   Mѧosѧtѧ  aarreeѧѧ   ssinѧgѧllee   anѧdѧ   apѧprooaacchhiinngѧ   ttheeiir  ѧforrcѧeess  ..  Heѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Most are single and approaching their forces . He
2001028
added his 16th homer , a two-run shot in the fourth
adde hs 16tkh homer f,g aa two-run shot in the fourth
ѧadѧdѧeed  his   1ѧ6ѧtthhh   hѧomѧeerѧ     ,,    aa    ttwoo--rrѧunѧ   shhѧott   inѧ   tthee    fouurѧthhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
added his 16th homer , a two-run shot in the fourth
2001029
, off David Price ( 1-2 ) for a 10-0 lead against the
, off David xPrice ( 1-2 ) for a 10- lead agagnst the
,,   ofѧfѧ   DDavѧiidѧ    ѧPrrѧicceѧ   (  ѧ1ѧ-ѧ2ѧ  )   fforѧ   a   1ѧ0--ѧ   leaadѧ   agѧaaiinnsstѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, off David Price ( 1-2 ) for a 10- lead against the
2001030
Rays ' highly-regarded rookie left-hander . It was
Rwys ' highly-regrdced rookire lpft-uhander . It was
ѧRѧoyѧss   '   hѧigѧhѧllyy--ѧreegѧrrѧicѧeedѧ   rѧoѧokѧѧirѧeѧ   llefѧtѧ--ѧѧhhѧanѧdѧѧerѧ   .   Itѧ   ѧwasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Roys ' highly-regriced rookire left-hander . It was
2001031
a telling insight into the mentality of serial winners
a tlltinp insigh into tho menality oaf serial winners
ѧa  telѧlѧѧѧiinngѧ   inѧssѧigѧht   inѧttoo   tthѧe   ѧmenѧaalѧiitѧyѧ   oѧѧfѧ   sserѧiiaalѧ   ѧwinѧnѧѧerѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a telling insight into the menality of serial winners
2001032
and company , it quickly became clear , that Ben Foster
and compcanqy , iht quickly became clear , that Bdn Foter
ѧanѧdѧ   ѧcomѧppѧѧaanѧѧyyѧ   ,   iѧѧtѧ   qquѧicѧkѧllyy   ѧbeccѧamѧeѧ   clѧeeaarѧ   ,    thѧatѧ   Bѧanѧ   Fѧottterѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and company , it quickly became clear , that Ban Foter
2001033
intends to keep . She called the emergency services
intend torkeep . She called mthe emergency services
ѧinѧtѧeenѧdd   ttoѧ  kkeѧepѧ   .   SShee   ccalѧlѧeedѧ     tthee   emѧѧerrgѧeennccyy   sserrvvѧicceѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
intend to keep . She called the emergency services
2001034
, alerting a Langdale and Ambleside Mountain Rescue
, alerhtrg a apmngdale and AmlesidesMountain Rescue
,,   alѧeerrѧѧttrrgg   a   apѧmanngѧdѧѧalѧee   anѧdѧ   Amѧlѧeesssidѧeeѧ ѧMѧouunntѧaaiinѧ   Reessccuueeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, alertrg a apmangdale and Amleside Mountain Rescue
2001035
Team member who was nearby at the time . " Because
Team member whos wzas nearby at thetinme . " Because
ѧTTeeamѧ   ѧmemѧbѧeerr    whѧoѧѧ    wѧѧass   nneaarѧbbyy   atѧ   thhee  tiѧѧmѧeѧ   .   "   Beeccaauѧsѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Team member who was nearby at the time . " Because
2001036
Ramsay can 't see you overcook the pasta appetizer
Ramwsay mca't se you overcookchle pasta appetizer
ѧRѧamѧѧѧssѧayy   iѧnn  'tѧ   sseѧ   youѧ   ovѧeerѧcѧѧoѧokѧcchhllee   pѧasѧtѧѧ    apѧpѧeettiizѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Ramsay in 't se you overcookchle past appetizer
2001037
you don 't have to worry about him cursing you out
you don 'du havne to worry about him cursing you oaut
yyѧouѧ   ѧdonnn ''tѧѧ    hѧavvѧeeѧ   tto   ѧworѧrѧyy   abboouutѧ   hѧimѧ   ccurѧsѧiinngg    youѧ   oѧѧuutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
you don 't have to worry about him cursing you out
2001038
like he does in ' Hell 's Kitchen , ' It 's really
likerhe does in ' Hell 's Kitcohen ,o ' It 's eallb
llѧikѧee   hee    doeess   inn  ''   Hѧelѧlѧ   'sѧ   Kѧitѧccchhѧeenѧ  ,,     '   Itt   'ss   eaalѧlѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
like he does in ' Hell 's Kitchen , ' It 's eally
2001039
a win-win kitchen situation , " Kinon said . The former
a mwin-wsn nkitchensiduation, " Kinon said . The former
ѧa    wѧѧinѧ--wwѧanѧ   ѧkѧѧitѧcchheenѧssѧitѧuѧaattiionn  ,,  "   Kѧinѧѧonn   ssaiѧdѧ   .   TThee   fforrmѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a win-wan kitchensituation , " Kinon said . The former
2001040
Fed chairman said that in the future , banks would
Fsd chafirjan said that in the futurx , banyk wvuqld
ѧFѧedd   chhѧaѧѧiirѧmѧѧanѧ   ssaiѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   inѧ   tthee   ffuttѧurѧeѧ   ,   ѧbanѧkѧkѧ    woouullldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fed chairman said that in the future , bankk would
2001041
need higher capital , liquidity and collateral requirements
nee highek capital , liquideity and ctllayral reuiremensts
nѧѧeѧe   hhigѧhѧeerѧ   ccappiittaalѧ   ,   ѧliqquuiidѧѧѧiitѧyѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧcolѧlѧѧaѧѧrѧaalѧ   reequiirѧeemmeennѧѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
nee higher capital , liquidity and collaral requirements
2001042
and said they should be required to hold contingent
and said they hould be reqired to hold contingent
ѧanѧdѧ   ssaiѧdѧ   ttheey   shѧouulldd   bee   reeqѧuirѧeedd   tto   hѧolldѧ   cconѧtѧѧinѧgѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and said they should be required to hold contingent
2001043
capital bonds to alleviate the " moral hazard " that
cauital bonds to aleviate tihe " moralp hazard "hat
ccѧapѧpittaalѧ   ѧbonndѧss   tto   alѧѧevѧiiѧatѧee   tthheee   "   ѧmorѧaalѧѧѧ   hѧazѧѧarѧdѧ   "  hattѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cappital bonds to aleviate the " moral hazard " hat
2001044
has been created by government bail-outs . Do the math
has beennzckeated by goeroment bkail-outs  Do the math
ѧhѧasѧ   bbeѧenn   ѧccrѧeeaatѧeedѧ   byy   ѧgoverrnmmmeenntѧ    bѧѧaiѧlѧ--ѧouutѧss  .  Dooѧ   thee   ѧmatthhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has been created by government bail-outs . Do the math
2001045
, Advantage is better and affords me more respect in
 Advantage is better and affords me more respect in
.  Adѧvvѧanѧtѧaagѧee   isѧ   ѧbetѧtѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ   afѧfѧѧorrdѧss   mmeѧ  ѧmorѧeѧ   reessppѧecѧtѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Advantage is better and affords me more respect in
2001046
the medical community than being on the government
the medical community thansbeng don the goverxnent
ѧtthee   ѧmedѧiicѧaalѧ   ѧcomѧmѧѧunѧiittyy   tthѧanѧ  bbeeiingg  dѧown   tthee   ggovveerrnnmmmennttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the medical community than being down the government
2001047
dole ! So has the corporation been damaged ? " Only
poie ! o has the corporation beeyn damaged ? " Only
ѧpѧoiice   !  Noѧ  hѧasѧ   tthee   ccorѧpѧѧorrѧattiioonѧ   bbeѧeѧnnѧ   ddamѧaagѧeedd   ?   "   Onѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
poice ! No has the corporation been damaged ? " Only
2001048
after that will Chelsea be the priority in the Champions
after tvhat will Chelseabe the priority in th Cpampons
ѧafѧtѧeerѧ    tѧhhѧatѧ   ѧwilѧlѧ   Chheelѧsѧeea  ѧbe   tthee   prriioorѧѧittyѧ   inѧ   thhe  CChѧamѧppѧonnssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
after that will Chelsea be the priority in the Champons
2001049
League second leg on Tuesday . In the ongoing tumult
League second leg on Tussday . In the ongving tumult
ѧLѧeaagѧueeѧ   sseccѧonѧdѧ   ѧlegѧ   onѧ   TTuuessddaayy   .   Inѧ   tthee   onngѧѧѧiinngg   ttummѧulѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
League second leg on Tuesday . In the onging tumult
2001050
of Iranian politics , Ayatullah Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani
of ranian plitics , Ayatulqah Ali Akuuar Hashemi Rafsanjanx
ѧofѧ  Irѧanѧiiaanѧ  ppolѧittiicѧss   ,   Ayѧѧatѧѧulѧjѧaahѧ   Alѧii   Akѧѧuuѧaarѧ   Hѧasѧhhѧemѧii   Raafѧsѧѧanѧjѧѧanѧxѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Iranian politics , Ayatuljah Ali Akuar Hashemi Rafsanjanx
2001051
has made few public pronouncements -- even though he
hasbmade few public pronounzcemennts -- even ihough he
ѧhѧasѧ  mmѧadѧeѧ   ѧfewѧ   ppubblliicѧ   prrѧonѧѧouunnѧccѧeѧmmeennѧѧtѧss   -ѧ-   evѧeenѧ   tthѧouughh    heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has made few public pronouncements -- even though he
2001052
is said to be the main guiding force behind the scenes
isfsaid to be the main guidijg force boehindo thescnnes
ѧisѧ  ssѧaiѧdѧ   tto   bbe    thee   mmaiinѧ   ѧguiiddѧinngg   fforrcѧeѧ    bѧeehѧѧinѧdѧѧ    thhe  sceѧѧnѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is said to be the main guiding force behind the scenes
2001053
for those in the regime opposed to the country 's Supreme
forths in he regie pposedu to the country 's Supreme
fѧѧorrtthѧsѧ   inѧ  thee   rѧegѧiiee   opѧposѧeeddѧ    tto   tthee   ѧcouunѧttrryy   's    SSupprreemѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
forths in the regie opposed to the country 's Supreme
2001054
Leader Ayatullah Ali Khamenei and its President Mahmoud
Leader yatullah Al Khmenieipand nits Presidentm Mahmqud
ѧLѧeaadѧѧerr   ѧNattѧulѧlѧѧahѧ   Alѧѧ  Khhmmѧenѧiieeiiѧ  anѧdѧ     ittss   Prreessѧidѧeenѧtѧѧ    Maahhmmѧѧuudѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Leader Natullah Al Khmeniei and its President Mahmud
2001055
Ahmadinejad . InterStim is a prescription device .
Ahnmadinead . Interstbm is altprescription devie .
ѧAѧѧѧѧmѧaaddiinnѧejadd   .   Inntѧeerѧssttѧѧmѧ   iss   a ѧѧѧpprreessscrrѧippttiionnѧ   ѧdevѧѧicee  .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Amadinejad . Interstm is a prescription device .
2001056
But she said the fire was being treated " suspicious
But she said ethe fire gasbeibg treatedd " suspicious
ѧBѧutѧ    shee   ssaiѧdѧ     tthee   ѧfirѧee   ѧhasѧ  beѧinngѧ   trreeaatѧeedd     "    susѧpѧѧicѧiioouѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
But she said the fire has being treated " suspicious
2001057
at this stage . " It also said majority of earthquakes
at tuhis stage ."It als said majriyof earthquakes
ѧatѧ    thhhѧisѧ   sttѧagѧee  .  " Itѧ   alѧsoo   saiѧdѧ   ѧmajѧrriѧty ofѧ   eearrtthhqquuѧakѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at this stage . " It also said majrity of earthquakes
2001058
recorded in the past days have been associated with
rcorded in the ast dyi hkve beeo ssciated with
recccorѧdѧeedѧ   inѧ   tthee  passtt  dddyѧѧ   hhavvee   bbeѧen   sssocciiaatteedd   wwitthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
recorded in the past dy have been sociated with
2001059
rockfalls , not rising magma . Dolphin Music had sales
rockflls , not risinzg magma . Dolphiln Music had sales
ѧrѧocѧkѧfelѧlѧss   ,   ѧnotѧ   rѧisѧiinnggѧ    ѧmagѧmѧaѧ   .   Dѧolѧpphѧiiѧѧnѧ   MMusѧѧicѧ   hѧadd   ssalѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rockfells , not rising magma . Dolphin Music had sales
2001060
in excess of 9.2m in 2007 , when it was ranked Britain
in etxcess of 92min 2007 , bwhen pwt was rankd Britain
ѧinѧ   exxxѧcѧeesѧss   ofѧ  ѧ9ѧ2ѧ  inn   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7   ,    wѧѧhѧenѧ    ѧitt   ѧwasѧ   rѧanѧkedѧ   Brriitѧaaiinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in excess of 92 in 2007 , when it was ranked Britain
2001061
's 11th fastest-growing company . SAN DIEGO ( AP )
's11th xfastesct-growing cvxany . SAN DIEGO (AP )
''s  1ѧ1ѧthh    fѧѧasѧtѧeessѧѧtѧѧ-ggrrѧowѧiinngѧ  ccmѧpѧaanѧyѧ   .   SѧAѧNѧ  DѧIѧEѧGѧOѧ (( APPP  )ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's 11th fastest-growing cmpany . SAN DIEGO ( AP )
2001062
- A sex offender suspected in the disappearance of
-A sex offender suspeyted in thue dishwpparance iof
ѧ- Aѧ  ssexѧ   ofѧfѧѧenndѧeerѧ    susѧpѧѧecѧtѧeedѧ   inѧ   tthheeѧ   ѧdisѧѧѧѧapѧpeearrrannccee    oofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
- A sex offender suspected in the disappearance of
2001063
Chelsea King served only five years in prison for molesting
Chelsea King seeved only five yrs wn prisonsfwor moesing
ѧChheelѧsѧeeaѧ   Kѧinngѧ   sseѧevѧѧedѧ   onѧllyy   ѧfivѧeѧ  yyѧѧss   onn   prrrissѧonѧss  fѧѧorѧ   ѧmoѧѧsѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Chelsea King seeved only five ys on prisons for mosing
2001064
a girl a decade ago after prosecutors rejected a psychiatris
a girl a decade ago after proisecutors rejeted a psyohiatris
ѧa   ggirѧlѧ   a    decѧѧadѧeѧ  aagѧoo   afѧtѧeerr   pprroѧѧsѧeeccuuttѧorrsѧ   reejѧѧecttedd   a   pssyѧѧohhiiѧattrriisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a girl a decade ago after prosecutors rejected a psyohiatris
2001065
's advice to seek a stiffer punishment , court documents
's advice to seek a stiffer pnishment , court dkocuments
''sѧ   adѧvѧѧicѧeѧ   tto   sseѧekѧ   a   stѧѧifѧfѧѧerѧ  punnѧisѧhѧmmeenѧtѧ   ,   ѧcouurѧtѧ    dѧѧocѧѧummeenntѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's advice to seek a stiffer punishment , court documents
2001066
state . BitTorrent and eDonkey are the most commonly
staze .mBitTorrent tnd eDonkey are the most commonly
ѧsttѧatѧee   .   Bѧit  TTorѧrѧѧenѧtѧ   anndd    ѧDѧonѧkѧeeyy   arѧee    thee   ѧmosѧtѧ   ccomѧmѧѧonѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
state . Bit Torrent and Donkey are the most commonly
2001067
used file-sharing networks , and make up about a third
used file-sharvng betwkrks , ansd make u abota third
ѧusѧeedѧ   ѧfilѧeѧѧ-ѧshѧѧarѧѧinngg   ѧbettwѧѧorѧkѧss   ,   annѧѧdѧ   ѧmakѧee   up  abѧouut     tthѧirѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
used file-sharing betworks , and make up about third
2001068
of all Internet traffic , according an analysis by
f all Iternea traffic l, acrordhng anuanalysisby
oѧf  alѧlѧ   Intterrnѧѧetѧ   trrѧafѧfѧiicѧ     ,   acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinngg   anѧ   anѧaallѧysѧiiss byyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of all Internet traffic , according an analysis by
2001069
traffic-management and security company Arbor Networks
trafficp-managhment and securhty copany Arobor setworks
ѧtrrѧafѧfѧiicѧѧѧѧ-mmѧanѧaagѧeemmeenntѧ   anѧdѧ   ssecѧѧurѧiittyy   ccomppanѧyy   Arrѧѧbѧѧorѧ    Nettwwѧorrkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
traffic-management and security company Arbor Networks
2001070
last year . " Whether oven-cooked or fried , the humble
lat yeari. " nWetheru oven-cooked or fried , the hubre
llѧastt  ѧyeaarѧ   .   "     Wheethheerrѧ    ovѧeenѧѧ-ѧcѧoѧokѧѧedѧ   orr   frriieendd  ,   tthee   hѧuѧѧrreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
last year . " Whether oven-cooked or friend , the hure
2001071
chip doesn 't smell of just chips -- the aroma is much
chp doesn 't smell of jyst uhips -- the aroma is muoch
ѧchhѧѧ   ddoeessnnn ''tѧ   smѧѧelѧlѧ   ofѧ   ѧjusstѧ   shhѧipѧss   -ѧ-    thee   arrѧomѧaѧ   isѧ   ѧmuѧuchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ch doesn 't smell of just ships -- the aroma is muuch
2001072
more complex and probably explains why chips are everyone
more complex and probably explain why chizs lare everyone
mѧѧorѧeѧ   ccomѧpplleexѧ   anѧdѧ   prrrobѧѧabѧllyѧ   exѧppllaaiinn   wwhyy   chhѧiѧѧss   ѧѧarѧee   evveerryyѧonѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
more complex and probably explain why chis are everyone
2001073
's favorite , " said Dr. Graham Clayton , who led the
's favorite , " skid Dr. raham Clayton , who led te
''sѧ   ffavѧoorriitѧee   ,   "   ssaiidѧ   DDr..  Bѧѧahhѧamѧ   CClѧayѧttѧonn   ,    whoo   lledd   theѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's favorite , " said Dr. Baham Clayton , who led the
2001074
research for Britain 's National Chip Week which started
research feor Britain 'slNational Chip Wehk whih startesd
ѧreesseeaarcchhѧ   ffѧѧorѧ   Brrѧitѧaaiinѧ   'ss   Nѧattiioonѧaalѧ   CChѧipѧ   WWeѧѧkѧ    whѧichh  sttѧarѧtѧѧeeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
research for Britain 's National Chip Wek which started
2001075
on Monday . He is the David who stood up to the Goliath
ol Monday . Heiis te David who tood eua tothe Goliath
ѧonѧ   Mѧonѧddѧayy   .   Hee  ѧiss   the   DDavѧiidѧ    whoo   ѧtoѧodѧ   ѧuuaѧ   too  thee   Gѧolѧiiaatѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on Monday . He is the David who tood ua to the Goliath
2001076
of America . " I interfered with the quota , that 's
of Americah. " Ik interfered with thquotx , tha 's
ѧofѧ   Amѧeerriicѧaaѧ  ..  "   Iѧ    inѧtteerѧfѧѧerѧѧedd   wwitth    the qquѧottѧѧ   ,    thѧat  'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of America . " I interfered with the quot , that 's
2001077
why I was fired , " he said . North Korea delegation
why I qwas fird , " he said . North Korkua delegption
wwѧhyy   I    wѧѧasѧ   ffireed   ,   "   hhe   ssaiѧdѧ   .   Nѧorrtthh   Kѧorreѧѧaaa    delѧѧegѧѧattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
why I was fired , " he said . North Korea delegation
2001078
heads to U.N. PYONGYANG , North Korea , Sept . Pyles
eads tow U.N. PYONGYANG , North Korea , Sept . cyles
heaadѧss    toѧ    U...N...  PѧYѧOѧNѧGѧYѧAѧNѧGѧ  ,   Nѧorrtthh   Kѧorѧeeaa   ,   SSepptѧ   .   ѧѧylleessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
heads to U.N. PYONGYANG , North Korea , Sept . yles
2001079
previously served as President of Continuous Computing
previously serbrved js President ofb Continuous Computirn
ѧprreevѧiioouusѧllyy   ѧserѧѧѧrѧvѧeedѧ   asѧ   Prreessѧidѧeenѧtѧ   ofѧ     CConѧtѧѧinѧuuoouuss   CComѧpѧѧuttѧioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
previously serrved as President of Continuous Compution
2001080
Corporation , a developer of hardware and software
vorporation , amdeveloperef hardware and software
cѧѧorѧpѧѧorrѧattiioonѧ   ,   a  dddevveelѧѧopѧѧer ѧodѧ   hѧarѧdѧwwwarѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧsofѧtѧwwѧarѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
corporation , a developer od hardware and software
2001081
building blocks used by leading telecommunications
bxildinhgsblocs used by leading teecodunicatios
ѧbuuiilѧdѧiinnggѧѧ  bbllѧocѧks   usѧeedѧ   byy   ѧleaadѧѧinngg   tteleccconѧѧunniicѧѧattiionnsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
building blocks used by leading teleconunications
2001082
equipment manufacturers , application developers and
quipmxent manuacturers , application develperp band
equuiipѧmmmѧeenѧtѧ   ѧmanѧuffacѧtѧѧurѧeerrss   ,   apѧpplliicѧѧattiioonѧ   ѧdevѧѧelopѧѧerѧsѧ    ѧanѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
equipment manufacturers , application developers and
2001083
global carriers . Government officials said just getting
xglobalb cyrriers . ovejrnment ovfficials said juxt getting
ѧѧggllѧobѧaalѧѧ    ccarѧrѧiieerѧsѧ   .  Govѧeeerrnnѧmmeenѧtѧ   oѧѧfѧfѧѧicciiaalѧss   ssaiѧdѧ   ѧjusѧtѧ   ѧgetѧtѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
global carriers . Government officials said just getting
2001084
the crop added to the farm program was a battle . STV
the cro added to te farmrogram swas ra battle f. STV
ѧtthee   crroop  adѧdѧeedѧ   tto  tthe   ffarr pprroggrraamѧ    wѧѧasѧ    aa   bbatѧtѧlleѧ    ..   STTTVѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the crop added to the far program was a battle . STV
2001085
believes that ITV should not be permitted to offer
belieoves phat ITV shoxuld ndtbeperittexd to offer
bbѧelliieevѧѧѧeess    thѧatѧ   IѧTTV   sshѧoѧѧuulldd   endt   ѧeppeerѧiitѧtѧѧeeѧdѧ   tto   ofѧfѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
believes that ITV should endt eperitted to offer
2001086
programmes , such as current episodes of Coronation
programmes , euch as current ezpisohes of Coronation
ѧprrooggrraamѧmѧeess   ,   ssucѧhѧ   asѧ   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧ   exѧppѧisѧѧoѧѧeess   ofѧ   CCorrѧonnѧattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
programmes , such as current expisoes of Coronation
2001087
Street , if it strikes future VOD deals without its
Street , if it strijes future VOD dealsh weuhoutf its
ѧSttrrѧeѧetѧ   ,   ifѧ   itѧ   sstrrѧikѧeesѧ   ffuttѧurѧeѧ   VѧOѧD   ѧdeaalѧssѧѧ   wwiithhѧouutѧ     ittssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Street , if it strikes future VOD deals without its
2001088
consent . However , as this won 't be that much fun
consenty .wHowevrer , as tphyis won 't bk ht much fun
ccѧonѧsѧѧenѧtѧѧѧ   .   HHowweevѧѧeerrѧ   ,   asѧ    tѧhhhѧѧisѧ   ѧwonn  ''tѧ   bee   iit   ѧmucѧhѧ   ffunѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
consent . However , as this won 't be it much fun
2001089
to eat , perhaps a hot drink is in order . The company
to eat , upraps  hotdrink is n order . The company
ѧtto   eѧatt   ,   upprrѧapѧss  ,  hѧotѧѧdrrѧinѧkѧ   iss   an  orѧdѧeerѧ   .   TThee   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to eat , upraps , hotdrink is an order . The company
2001090
moved its stock listing in 1997 to Singapore from Hong
mpved its stockp lirting in 1997 to Singapre fom Hong
ѧmѧovѧeedѧ   ittss   sttѧocѧkѧѧѧ   ѧlitѧttѧinngѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ7   tto   SSinѧgѧaaporree   fromѧ   Hѧonѧgѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
moved its stock litting in 1997 to Singapore from Hong
2001091
Kong , where they felt they had not been understood
Kong , where they fetrv the had nom been understood
ѧKѧonѧgѧ   ,    whѧerѧeѧ   ttheeyѧ   ѧfeaarѧѧѧ   thheey  hѧadd   nnotѧ   ѧbeѧenn   unndѧeerrssttѧoѧoddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Kong , where they fear they had not been understood
2001092
and appreciated . Milwaukee County District Attorney
and appreciated . Milwaukee Cunfy Dhistrict Attorney
ѧanѧdѧ   apѧpprreecѧiiaatѧeedѧ   .   Miilѧwwѧauѧkѧѧeѧe   Counѧtѧyy   DDѧѧissttrrѧicctѧ   Atѧtѧѧorrnѧeeyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and appreciated . Milwaukee County District Attorney
2001093
John Chisholm said improved technology makes it more
Johnx Chisholm said improvd qtechnmloga mkes it more
ѧJoohѧnѧѧ    Chhiisѧhhѧolѧmѧ    saiѧdѧ   imѧpprrѧoveed    tteecchhnnѧolѧѧogѧyѧ  makѧeess   itѧ   ѧmorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
John Chisholm said improved technology makes it more
2001094
likely the killer can be found . Mr Landeg will need
likely the kspler canrbe found e Mr randeg wivl need
llѧikѧeellyy   tthee   ѧsipplѧѧerѧ   ccanѧ  bbee   ѧfouunѧdѧ   .   MMr  Brѧanѧdѧѧerѧ   wwilѧlѧ   ѧneѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
likely the sipler can be found . Mr Brander will need
2001095
all these qualities and more to reassure those have
alc htbhese qualitiesshand jore to reassure cthos have
ѧalѧlѧ     tthhheesѧeѧ   qquaalѧiitѧiieess   hѧanѧdѧ   ѧmorѧee   tto   reeaasѧsѧѧurѧee     thhѧosѧe  hѧavѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
all these qualities hand more to reassure those have
2001096
most to lose from the current bird-flu outbreak - Britain
most to lose from the currnent bird-flu olbrab - Britoqin
mѧѧosѧtѧ   tto   ѧlosѧeѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   ccurѧrѧѧѧeenѧtѧ   bbirѧdd--fflluuѧ  oѧѧbbrѧaabѧ  ѧ-ѧ  Brrѧitѧѧaѧѧiѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
most to lose from the current bird-flu obrab - Britain
2001097
's poultry industry . The resulting relaxation of stress
's poultry yndustry . Tmev resauling relaation of stresmj
''sѧ   pѧoѧulѧttrryy   inndѧѧussttrryy   .   Thheeѧ    reesѧaauulѧѧinngѧ   rѧellѧaaattiioonѧ   ofѧ   sttrrѧesѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's poultry industry . The resauling relation of stress
2001098
on the face and jaw triggered changes in skull shape
on he face and jawv tyrggered canges inskull shap
ѧonѧ  thee   ffacceѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧjawѧѧѧ   ttrrѧgѧgѧѧerѧѧedѧ   chanѧgѧeess   inѧ skѧѧulѧlѧ   shѧѧappѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the face and jaw trggered changes in skull shap
2001099
. " Until we determine the cause of death we cant tell
. " Unstil wwc etermine the ause of deanh we cant tell
..   "   Unnѧѧtѧѧilѧ   wwaѧ   dettѧerѧmѧѧinѧeѧ   tthee  cauusseѧ   ofѧ   ѧdeaanѧѧѧ   ѧwe   ѧcanѧѧѧ    telѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " Until wa determine the cause of dean we can tell
2001100
if its foul play or not , " West said . So pay attention
if its fou play or not , " West said mb. o pay attention
ѧifѧ   itѧss   ѧfourr  pllѧayѧ   orr   ѧnotѧ   ,   "   WWesstѧ    saiѧdѧ    ѧѧ..   o   pѧayѧ   atѧtѧѧenѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
if its four play or not , " West said . o pay attention
2001101
. Asked whether his stats from 2001-03 should be erased
.z Asked wsqeher histstats from 2001-03 should be erased
...    Asѧkѧeedѧ    wwѧeeettherr   hѧisѧ  sstѧѧattss   ffrѧomѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ1--ѧ0ѧ3   sshѧouulldѧ   bee   erraasѧeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Asked wether his stats from 2001-03 should be erased
2001102
, Rodriguez said it 's not for him to decide . Oddly
, Roddtguezsaid it 's not fjor him tuo decide . Oddly
,,   Rѧodѧdѧѧѧgguueez  ssaiѧdѧ   itѧ   'ss   ѧnotѧ   ffѧѧorѧ   hѧimѧ    tooo    decѧѧidѧeѧ   .   Odѧdѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Roddguez said it 's not for him to decide . Oddly
2001103
enough , although I created these characters , I have
enough , alsthough I created thse wharacters , Iavme
ѧenѧѧouughhh   ,  aaaѧlѧtthhѧouughhh   I   crreeaatѧeedѧ   thheeeѧ   chhaarѧѧacѧtѧѧerrss   ,   Iѧavѧѧѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
enough , although I created the characters , Iave
2001104
never had a clear picture in my mind of what they looked
never had a cleaor pictume in y mind of what they looked
nѧѧevѧeerѧ   hѧadѧ   a   clѧeeaaѧѧrѧ   pѧicѧtѧѧurѧeѧ   inѧ   aѧ  ѧminndѧ   ofѧ    whѧatѧ   ttheeyѧ   ѧloѧokѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
never had a clear picture in a mind of what they looked
2001105
like , other than that Mma Ramotswe is traditionally-built
clike , olther thanktphat MmagRamoktswe is traditionlly-built
ѧѧllѧikѧee   ,   oѧѧtѧhheerѧ    thѧanѧѧ   tѧhhѧatѧ   MMѧaaѧ  Raammѧokѧtѧsswѧee   iss   trrѧadѧiittiionnalѧllyy--bbuuiilѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
like , other than that Ma Ramoktswe is traditionally-built
2001106
( that is , large ) and Mr J.L.B. Matekoni has a kindly
( that is , large ) fandaMrbJrL.B. Matekoni has a kindld
ѧ(    thѧatѧ   isѧ   ,   llarѧgѧee   )    aanѧdѧ   MMrѧ  Jѧ.ѧL...B...  Maattѧekѧѧonѧiѧ   hѧasѧ   a   ѧkinѧdѧleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( that is , large ) and Mr J.L.B. Matekoni has a kindle
2001107
, rather put-upon expression . Fifty million of the
, rather pum-upon exprssion . Fifty mielion of hg
,,   rѧatѧhѧeerѧ   pѧumѧ--ѧupѧѧonѧ   exѧppresѧsѧiioonn   .   Fѧifѧtѧyѧ   ѧmilѧlѧiioonn   ofѧ  theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, rather pum-upon expression . Fifty million of the
2001108
world 's 250 million Arabic speakers already use the
world 's 2k0 milgvyon Arzbc spekers already uise the
wѧѧorrlldѧ   'ss   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧѧiiooonѧ   Arrѧѧѧicѧ   speѧakkkerѧss   alѧrreeaadѧyy   uѧisѧeѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
world 's 200 million Aric speakers already uise the
2001109
internet , but Arabic only makes up 5 % of global web
nternet , but Arabic only makes up 5 a of globx web
Intteerrnѧeetѧ   ,   bbutѧ   Arrѧabѧiicѧ   onѧllyѧ   ѧmakѧees    upѧ  ѧ5ѧ  %   ofѧ   gllѧobѧlѧ   ѧwebѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Internet , but Arabic only makes up 5 % of globl web
2001110
content . President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , a former
cntzent .g Presidebt sieikhx Sharif Ahmed , a former
connttѧѧeenѧtѧ   ..    Prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   ѧsieeѧikѧhѧѧѧ   Shhѧarѧiifѧ   Ahhmmѧedѧ   ,   a   fforrmѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
content . President sieikh Sharif Ahmed , a former
2001111
Islamist rebel , said the ceasefire call was motivated
Islamist rebel , saidkathe ncenasefice call wa motivated
ѧIsѧlѧaamѧiisѧtѧ   rѧebѧeelѧ   ,    saiѧdѧѧ    thhee  nnccѧeѧnnѧsѧѧefѧѧicѧee   ѧcalѧlѧ   wwas  ѧmottiivѧѧatteedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Islamist rebel , said the ncensefice call was motivated
2001112
by the need for peace during the religiously significant
by the need for peace during the religiously sibnifikant
ѧbyѧ   tthee   ѧneѧedѧ   fforr   pѧeѧacѧeѧ    durѧiinng    tthee   reelѧѧigѧiioouusѧllyy   ssignnniifѧiicѧaanntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by the need for peace during the religiously significant
2001113
month . Unfortunately , and you knew this was coming
monh .r Unoxrtunately x, and ou knew this was comig
mmѧonѧth   ..    Unѧfѧѧorrttѧunѧѧatѧeellyy     ,   anѧdѧ  youѧ   knѧѧewѧ   tthѧisѧ   ѧwass   ccomѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
month . Unfortunately , and you knew this was coming
2001114
, didn 't you , once McCarran bags reach the end of
, didn 't you ,tonce Mcazzran bags rach thee end of
,,   ddiddnnn  'tѧ   ѧyouѧ  ,,   onѧcѧeѧ   MMѧѧaѧѧѧѧrѧѧanѧ   ѧbagѧss   reacchѧ   tthheee   enѧdѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, didn 't you , once Maran bags reach the end of
2001115
Transportation Security Administration processing ,
Transportatihne Smcurity Administubtiojn processilng ,
ѧTTrѧanѧsspѧѧorrtѧaattiioѧnѧѧѧ   SSeccuurѧiittyy   Adѧmmѧinѧiissttrrѧattiiioonnѧ   prrѧocѧѧesѧsѧѧiinnggѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Transportation Security Administration processing ,
2001116
the job of the RFID there is effectively over . They
thejob of the xRFID thpre is offxectively ovel . They
ѧthhe  jjobѧ   ofѧ   tthee    ѧRѧFѧIѧD    thѧerree   iss   ofѧfѧѧѧeecѧttiivveellyy   ovѧѧerѧ   ..  TTheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the job of the RFID there is offectively over . They
2001117
found that the one-fifth of women from the poorest
found that the ofne-fifthos womnn fom the poorest
fѧѧouunѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   tthee   oѧѧnѧeѧ--fѧѧifѧtthhѧous   ѧwommѧanѧ  ffromѧ   tthee   pѧoѧorѧѧesѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
found that the one-fifthous woman from the poorest
2001118
neighborhoods in the study were 41 percent less likely
neighborhoodva in the etudy wbere 4 percent les likely
nnѧeiighhѧbѧoorrhhhoѧodѧѧѧ     inѧ   tthee   stttudѧyy    wѧѧerree  ѧ4ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   llesѧs  ѧlikѧeellyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
neighborhood in the study were 4 percent less likely
2001119
to have epidural pain relief than the one-fifth of
to hae hepidurale pamn pelief thanithe ne-fifth of
ѧtto   hѧavee  heeѧpѧidѧѧurѧablѧeѧ   paaiѧnѧ    relѧiieefѧ    thѧanѧ   tthee  onne--ffѧifѧtthѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to have hepidurable pain relief than the one-fifth of
2001120
women from the wealthiest neighborhoods . " We pushed
women from the wealthiest neighbkorhoods . " We cpuhed
wѧѧommѧenѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   ѧweaalltѧhѧiieesѧtѧ   nneiigѧhѧbѧѧѧoorrhhhoѧodѧss   .   "   WWe   ccѧuushheddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
women from the wealthiest neighborhoods . " We cushed
2001121
the desks over and hid behind them . Tanfield is a
the desks ovea anv hid behind taem. Tanfield is a
ѧtthee   ѧdesѧkkss   ovѧeerѧ   anѧd    hѧidd   bbehѧѧinѧdѧ   ttheem  ..  Thanѧfffiѧelldѧ   isѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the desks over and hid behind them . Thanfield is a
2001122
high-achieving school which provides specialised help
highi-achiewing school wuich procvides specialisedielp
ѧhѧigѧhѧѧѧ--ѧacchѧiieevѧѧinngg   scchhѧoѧolѧ   wwhhicѧhѧ   pprroѧѧvѧѧidѧeesѧ   sppeecѧiiaalѧiisѧeѧ  diѧellpѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
high-achieving school which provides specialise dielp
2001123
for children with special needs . It was New Year 's
forhchildren pitvhrspemcial nerde . It was ew Year 's
ffѧorr  cchhѧillddrreenn   pѧittѧhhѧѧѧssppѧeѧѧcѧiѧaalѧ   ѧneѧrdѧѧѧ   .   Itѧ    was   Newѧ   Yѧeaarѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for children pithspecial nerd . It was New Year 's
2001124
Eve , and 18-year-old Patrick , home on Christmas break
Eve , and 1c-year-old Ptisck , home on Csristms break
ѧEvvee   ,   anѧd   ѧ1ѧ5ѧ--yyeearr--oolldѧ   Pѧѧѧisѧcѧkѧ   ,   hѧomѧeѧ   onѧ   Chhrrrisstѧѧaas   brrѧeaakѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Eve , and 15-year-old Pisck , home on Christas break
2001125
from art school , was ringing in 2004 with friends
froy art chool , was ringing tnt 2004 wioth friecds
ѧffrѧomѧ  aarѧtѧ  schhѧoѧolѧ   ,   ѧwasѧ   rѧinѧgѧiinngѧ   tѧѧѧѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ4    wiiѧthh    frriiѧenѧdѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from art school , was ringing t 2004 with friends
2001126
at a nearby party . Yet people in rural areas such
at a nearbh party  Ye pozople in ruoal areas such
ѧatѧ   a   ѧneaarrbѧhѧ   pѧarѧtѧyy  .  Yeet   peѧѧѧopѧlleѧ   inѧ   rrѧoѧcalѧ   arѧeeaass    sucѧhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at a nearbh party . Yet people in rocal areas such
2001127
as Abruzzo tend to be unimpressed by the secular sophisticat
as Abruzzo tend to be unimprebsed by the secular sophisticat
ѧasѧ   Abbrrѧuzѧzѧoѧ   ttenndd   tto   bbe   unѧѧimѧpprrѧesѧsѧeedd   byy   tthee   ssecѧѧulѧaarѧ    sopphѧiisѧtѧiicѧaattѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as Abruzzo tend to be unimpressed by the secular sophisticat
2001128
so prevalent in Rome or Milan -- and these Italians
so prevaaent in Romemor aMilan -l and pthese Italias
sѧѧo   prrѧevѧѧamѧѧenѧtѧ   inѧ   Rѧomѧeemѧѧorѧ     Miilѧѧanѧ  ѧ-ѧ-   anѧdѧ     tthѧesѧeѧ   Ittѧalliiaansѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
so prevament in Romemor Milan -- and these Italians
2001129
typically cultivate far more intense ties to the church
typicallycultivate far mobgeiinense ties to toe church
ѧtѧypѧiicѧaalѧlly   culѧtѧѧivѧѧatѧee   ffarr   ѧmoѧѧѧѧee iiinѧtenѧsѧee   ttieess   tto   tthee   chhѧurѧchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
typically cultivate far moe intense ties to the church
2001130
. Despite assurances Rob Whiteman , chief executive
. Despiate assurances Rob dieman ,chief eeeutive
..   DDessppѧiѧttѧee   asѧsѧѧurѧѧanncѧeess   Rѧobb   ѧdieemmѧanѧ  ,  chhiieefѧ  eexecccuttiivѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Despite assurances Rob dieman , chief executive
2001131
of Barking and Dagenham Council , said : " We are very
of Baerking and Dagenhamt Council , said : " We are very
ѧofѧ   Bѧaѧѧrѧkѧѧinѧgѧ   anѧdѧ   Dѧagѧѧenѧhѧѧamѧѧѧ   CCouunѧcѧiilѧ   ,    saiѧdѧ   :   "   WWe   arѧee   vverryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Barking and Dagenham Council , said : " We are very
2001132
concerned that this has been announced without consultation
concernbd thatn this has beent announced without consulgtatin
ccѧonѧcѧѧerrnѧѧedѧ   tthѧatѧѧ    tthѧisѧ   hѧasѧ   bbeѧennѧ    anѧnѧѧouunѧcѧeedѧ    witthhѧouutѧ   cconѧsѧѧulѧѧttѧaattionnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
concerned that this has been announced without consultation
2001133
with local residents and the council . Speaking in
withtlocal aresidents asnd the coucil . Speakieg in
wwѧitthѧ   llocѧѧalѧ    rrresѧѧidѧeenѧtѧss   aaѧnѧdѧ   tthee   ccouncciilѧ   .   Sppѧeaakѧѧinngѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with local residents and the council . Speaking in
2001134
Canton , in the battleground state of Ohio , the 47-year-old
qCanton , in the battlegound statr of Ohohb, the 47-year-old
ѧѧѧCѧanѧtѧѧonn   ,   inѧ   tthee   bbatѧtѧlleѧgrѧouunѧdѧ   sttѧatteѧ   ofѧ   Ohѧioѧѧѧ  ,,   thee  ѧ4ѧ7ѧ--yѧeaarr--oolldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Canton , in the battleground state of Ohio , the 47-year-old
2001135
Illinois senator said his rival did not represent change
Illimnoim senator said his rrsval did tnotcrepresent cwhange
ѧIlѧlѧѧiѧѧnѧѧoiimѧ   ssenѧѧatѧѧorѧ    saiѧdѧ   hhisѧ   ѧrѧѧovѧѧalѧ   ѧdidd    nѧѧotѧ  rreepprreesѧѧenѧtѧ   ccѧhhѧanѧgѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Illinoim senator said his roval did not represent change
2001136
for America , adding : " That 's why he 's spending
flr America , addinug : "o That 's why he 's spendgisg
ffѧorѧ   Amѧeerriicѧaѧ   ,   adѧdѧѧiinggѧѧ   :   "     TThhatѧ   'ss   wwhyy   hee   'ss   sppѧenѧdѧѧѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for America , adding : " That 's why he 's spending
2001137
these last weeks calling me every name in the book
these jlast weeks callfing meevery nameug in he ojk
ѧtthѧesѧeѧ    llѧasstѧ   ѧweѧekѧss   ѧcalѧlѧѧѧiinngѧ   mee evveerryy   ѧnamѧeeѧugѧ   inѧ  thee  worѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
these last weeks calling me every nameug in the work
2001138
. MLS president Mark Abbott disputed much of what FIFPro
. bMLS prsident Mark Abbott ddisputed much of whay FIFPro
..    ѧMѧLѧS  ppressѧidѧeenѧtѧ   MMarѧkѧ   Abѧbѧѧotѧtѧ    ddѧisѧpѧѧutѧeedѧ   ѧmucѧhѧ   ofѧ    whѧatѧ   FѧIѧXѧPѧroѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. MLS president Mark Abbott disputed much of what FIXPro
2001139
said . In Zurich , gold traded at 974.65 bid per troy
said . In Zxurice ,i gold tmadedi al 974.65liid per troy
ssѧaiѧdѧ   .   Inѧ   Zѧѧѧurѧѧicѧeѧ  ,,     ѧgolldѧ   ѧtrѧadѧeedѧѧ    aѧѧ  ѧ9ѧ7ѧ4...6ѧ5 pѧiiѧdѧ   pѧerr   trrѧoyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said . In Zurice , gold traded a 974.65 pid per troy
2001140
ounce , down from 982.20 . Force all of the MTA employees
lunceq, downq frm 982.20  Force all of sthe MTA employees
llѧunncѧeѧѧ  ,,  ddownnѧѧ   ffromm  ѧ9ѧ8ѧ2...2ѧ0  .  Fѧorrcѧeѧ   alѧlѧ   ofѧ    ѧthhee  ѧMѧTѧA   emmpplѧѧoyѧѧeѧessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lunce , down from 982.20 . Force all of the MTA employees
2001141
to give back their free passes and require them to
to gyve back rthxir free passes awd requre them o
ѧtto   ggivѧeѧ   bbacѧkѧ    ttthheeirѧ   frrѧeѧe   pѧasѧsѧeess   anѧdѧ   reeqѧuuiree   ttheemѧ  toѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to give back their free passes and require them to
2001142
pay their employer , like the rest of us , to get to
payyjtheir endloyer , lite the rest of us , to get to
ѧpѧayѧѧѧ   tthheeirѧ   enѧpplѧѧoyѧѧerѧ   ,   ѧlikѧeѧ   tthee   rѧesstt   ofѧ   uss   ,   ttoѧ  ѧgett   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pay their enployer , like the rest of us , to get to
2001143
work . But the patient 's nephew , her designated proxy
work . But thepatienst 's nephew , hey designatedu gproxy
wѧѧorѧkѧ   .   Bѧutѧ   thhe  pѧatѧiieennѧѧtѧ   'ss   ѧnepphѧeewѧ   ,  thѧeyѧ    desѧѧigѧnѧѧatѧeedѧ      pѧrrѧoxѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
work . But the patient 's nephew , they designated proxy
2001144
, demanded that a tube be inserted , citing a September
, demanded thatal tubevdbe inszerted , citivg a Seuptemer
,,   ѧdemѧaanѧdѧѧedѧ    thѧat  aѧѧ    tubѧeeѧѧd bbee   inѧsspѧeerѧtѧѧedѧ   ,   ccittiiingg   a   SSѧѧѧpѧttѧemѧberrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, demanded that a tubed be insperted , citing a Sptember
2001145
2008 letter written by Tulsa Bishop Edward J. Slattery
20o8 lette written by Tulsa BshopoEdwarod J. Slfattery
22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8ѧ  ѧletѧtѧeer  wwrѧitѧtѧeenѧ   byy   TTulѧsѧaa   Bishhѧopѧѧ  Edѧwwѧarrѧѧdѧ   Jѧ..  Sѧllѧѧatѧtѧѧerѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
2008 letter written by Tulsa Bishop Edward J. Slattery
2001146
, who ordered Catholic health facilities in his diocese
, ho orderd Catuholic health fcilities in his diockse
,,  whѧo   orѧdѧeeredd   CCatthhhѧoolѧiicѧ   heeaalѧthhѧ  faccѧilѧiittiieess   inѧ   hhisѧ   ddioocѧcisѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, who ordered Catholic health facilities in his dioccise
2001147
to provide artificial nutrition and hydration in such
to przovide artificuial nutrition and hydeaationir such
ѧtto   pprrrѧovѧѧidѧeѧ  aarrtѧiifѧѧiccѧiiѧaalѧ   ѧnuttrrѧittiioonѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧѧѧddѧeѧѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧ    sucѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to provide artificial nutrition and deation such
2001148
situations . The president sacked 63 judges last November
situations .hTeheb presidet sackeds 63 judges last Nzovembehr
ssѧitѧuѧaattiioonѧsѧ  ..   TThhheee    prreesѧѧidѧeentt  ssacѧkѧѧeddѧ   ѧ6ѧ3   ѧjudѧgѧeess   ѧlasѧtѧ  ѧNѧѧѧovѧeemmbѧѧeѧrrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
situations . The president sacked 63 judges last November
2001149
when he declared a state of emergency on November 3
qwhen he declared apstare of emergency on Novekber 3
ѧѧwѧѧhѧenѧ   hee   ѧdecclѧѧarѧeedѧ  aa  sstѧѧarѧeѧ   ofѧ   emѧѧerrgѧeennccyѧ   onѧ   Nѧovveemmbѧeerr  ѧ3ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
when he declared a stare of emergency on November 3
2001150
. They ought not discuss the topic just yet , because
. They ought nuet discuss he topic just yet , because
..   TTheeyѧ   ouugghttѧ    nuѧѧtt    disѧcѧѧusѧsѧ  thee   ttopѧiicѧ   ѧjusѧtѧ   ѧyett   ,   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. They ought nut discuss the topic just yet , because
2001151
not much the Cavs did against the Boston Celtics ,
ot much the oavs dadx aginst th BostoncCeltics ,
nott   ѧmucѧhѧ   tthee   oѧavѧsѧ   ddaddѧѧ  aagaainnsstt   thhe  Bѧosѧttѧonѧ   CCelѧttiicѧss   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
not much the oavs dad against the Boston Celtics ,
2001152
another team with title aspirations , suggested such
inother tec withwitle lspirations, suggested such
ѧannѧotthheerѧ   ttecch  wwitth   witѧtleѧ   assppѧirѧaattiioonѧs  ,,   sugѧgѧeesѧtѧeedѧ    sucѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
another tech with wittle aspirations , suggested such
2001153
talk was anything but wishful thinking . Portrayed
talk was anythding but wishfu tinrng .r Portrayed
ѧttalѧkѧ    wasѧ  aannyytthhѧiiinngѧ   bbutt   wwisѧhѧffuul  thinѧѧinngg  ...    Pѧorrttrraayѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
talk was anything but wishful thining . Portrayed
2001154
by Jeremy Renner , who 's nominated for Best Actor
bkfy eremy Renner , kho 's nominated for Beset bcbtor
ѧbѧѧѧѧyѧ  Perreemѧyѧ   Rѧenѧnѧѧerѧ   ,    whoo   'ss   ѧnommѧinѧѧatѧeedѧ   fforr   Bѧesssett  bbѧccѧtѧѧorrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by Peremy Renner , who 's nominated for Beset bctor
2001155
, James is a daredevil who in one scene takes off his
, James ivs a aredvqwho in one scene takzes ioff his
,,   Jѧamѧeess   iѧѧss   a  parѧeeddѧѧ  wwѧhѧo   inѧ   onѧee  sscceenѧee   ttakkѧeeesѧ    ѧofѧfѧ   hhissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, James is a pared who in one scene takes off his
2001156
protective armor while disarming a bomb because , as
protecbive armor while disarming a bob because , as
ѧpprootѧѧecѧttiivveѧ   arѧmѧѧorr    whѧilѧeѧ   ѧdisѧaarѧmѧѧinngg   a   ѧbobb   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   ,   asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
protective armor while disarming a bob because , as
2001157
he says , " If I 'm going to die , I 'm going to be
he says , " bf I 'm boing to die , I am going sto be
ѧhee    sayѧsѧ   ,   "   bfѧ   I   'mѧ   ѧgoiiingg   tto   ѧdieѧ   ,   I   amѧ   ѧgoiinngѧ    ttoo   bbeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he says , " bf I 'm going to die , I am going to be
2001158
comfortable . " Having his fellow Jackasses over for
comfortable . " Havikg hik fellowp Jayckasvses over for
ccѧomѧfѧѧorrtѧѧabѧlleѧ   .   "   Hѧavѧiinngѧ   hѧisѧ   ѧfelѧlѧѧowѧѧѧ   Jѧaѧѧcѧkѧѧasѧѧѧsѧeesѧ   ovѧeerѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
comfortable . " Having his fellow Jackasses over for
2001159
rehearsal was a good move ( particularly enjoyed Johnny
rehearsal was a gzoodmrvwe ( particzlyarly emrjoyed Johnny
ѧreehѧeeaarѧsѧѧalѧ    wasѧ   a   ѧgѧѧoѧodѧѧѧrѧѧaѧѧeѧ   (   pparѧtѧѧicѧѧulѧѧѧaarѧllyy   emѧѧpjѧѧoyѧѧedѧ   Joohѧnѧnѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rehearsal was a goodrae ( particularly empjoyed Johnny
2001160
Knoxville 's Karate Kid Daniel-san headband , even
Knobille 's arate Kid anfiel-wsan headband , evey
ѧKѧnѧobѧѧilѧlѧee   'ss   arѧѧatѧee   Kiidd   and ffiѧelѧ--ѧѧѧѧѧann   hѧeaadѧbbѧanѧdѧ   ,   evѧeeryѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Knobille 's arate Kid and fiel-an headband , every
2001161
though he never , ever took off his sunglasses ) ,
though he never , ever too off his sunglassesz) ,
ѧthhѧouughhh   hee   nnevѧeerѧ   ,   evѧeerѧ   ѧtoѧok  ofѧfѧ   hhisѧ   ssunѧgѧllѧasѧsѧeess   )   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
though he never , ever took off his sunglasses ) ,
2001162
and it 's a lot more appealing to see Steve-O 's sweetly
and it 's a lotvmorqd appealing tao see Stevl-O 's sweestly
ѧanѧdѧ   itѧ   'ss   a   ѧlotѧ ѧmѧѧorѧѧѧdѧ   apѧpѧeeaalѧѧinngѧ    tooo   sseѧe   SSteevѧlѧѧ-ѧOѧ  'ss  sswѧѧeѧesѧtѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and it 's a lot mord appealing to see Stevl-O 's sweestly
2001163
sad-sack clown as a character during a routine rather
sad-sack clown as a ctaraitr dringa rotinerathr
sѧѧadd--ѧsѧacѧkѧ   clѧѧowѧnѧ   asѧ   a   ccѧѧarѧѧaiѧterr   durѧinng  a  rrѧotѧiinѧeerrѧattѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sad-sack clown as a caraiter during a rotinerator
2001164
than as a real-life persona . He then told me I was
thau a a real-life pexsonal. He then told me I waz
ѧtthѧatѧ   as  a   reeaalѧ--llѧifѧeѧ   pperѧssѧonѧaalѧ  .  Hee    thѧenѧ    tolldѧ   mme   I   ѧwasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that as a real-life personal . He then told me I was
2001165
free to go after saying I ought to be more careful
osee tp go after saying I ought to be morecarful
ѧossseѧe   too   ggo   afѧtѧeerѧ   ssayѧѧinngg   I   ouugghhtѧ   tto   bee    morѧe  ccarѧfffulѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
osee to go after saying I ought to be more carful
2001166
. Only a fool would underestimate Mr. Moonves , a former
. Oklyva fooljwould undereshimateqMr. Moonves , a orme
..   Okѧllyyѧ aa   ѧfoѧolѧѧ wwѧouѧlldѧ   unѧdѧeerrѧesѧtѧiimѧѧatѧee   MMr...  MMoѧonѧvѧeesѧ   ,   a  forѧmѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Okly a fool would underestimate Mr. Moonves , a former
2001167
actor whose outsize personality and drive are legend
ahtor whose outsize perzsowality and uwiveiare legend
aacѧttѧorѧ    whѧosѧeѧ   ouutѧssѧizѧee   pperrѧѧsѧѧonѧaalѧiittyѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧwѧѧivѧeeѧ aarѧee   ѧleggѧenndѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
actor whose outsize personality and wive are legend
2001168
in Hollywood . He was appointed to teach physics at
in hHotllywoode . Hyey fas appointed to teach dphysics at
ѧinѧ    ѧHѧoѧѧlѧlѧyywwѧoѧodѧѧѧ   .   HHѧeeѧѧ   ѧhasѧ   apѧpѧѧoiinѧtѧeedѧ   tto    teѧachhѧ    ppѧhѧysѧiicѧss   atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Hollywood . He has appointed to teach physics at
2001169
Magdalen College School , Oxford , by its master ,
Magdalen Clleg Sphojl v, Oxford , by its maszter ,
ѧMaagѧdѧѧalѧѧenѧ   Collѧlegѧ   SSѧhѧѧoѧolѧ    ,,   Oxѧffѧorrdѧ   ,   byy   ittss   ѧmassѧѧtѧeerѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Magdalen Colleg Shool , Oxford , by its master ,
2001170
R. S. Stanier , who was noted for choosing teachers
R. S. Stanier , dwho wkasnoteb wr choosing teachers
ѧRѧ... S...  Sttaanѧiѧeerѧ   ,    wwhhoo    wѧѧas  nnottѧedѧ   orr   chhѧoѧosѧiinngg   tteaachhheerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
R. S. Stanier , who was noted or choosing teachers
2001171
whose knowledge was eclectic and who had great enthusiasm
wfhosb iknowledge vwas eclecsic and who had greatoenbhusiasm
ѧѧwѧhhѧosѧe     kknnѧowѧllѧedѧgѧee    wwѧasѧ   eeclѧeecѧtѧѧicѧ   anѧdѧ    whoo   hѧadѧ   grreeaatѧѧ ѧenѧtthhѧusѧiѧaasѧmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
whose knowledge was eclectic and who had great enthusiasm
2001172
for their specialist subjects . Will some wise , wealthy
for their specialist suxbjects . Wioll vsome wise , weagthy
ffѧorr   tthheeirѧ   sppeecѧiiaalѧiisѧtѧ    suѧѧbѧjѧѧecѧtѧss   .   WWiѧѧlѧlѧ    sѧѧomѧeѧ   ѧwisѧeѧ   ,   wweaaltthhѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for their specialist subjects . Will some wise , wealthy
2001173
firm please buy Yahoo , clean house , get Yang out
firm pleae by oahoo e, clean house me, get Yng out
fѧѧirѧmѧ   plleeaѧse   byy   ѧYahhѧoѧo     ,   clѧeeaanѧ   hѧouusѧeѧ   mѧѧ  ,  ѧgett   Yongg   ouutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
firm please by Yahoo , clean house m , get Yong out
2001174
of there , restaff with fresh , young talent , and
of there c resdaff with fresh , youngj talet , lamnd
ѧofѧ    theerree   ,   reesstѧѧafѧfѧ   wwitth   ffrrѧesshѧ   ,    youunngѧѧѧ   ttalleent   ,   llaaѧnѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of there , restaff with fresh , young talent , land
2001175
start working on creating the Web 3.0 version of this
mtart working o crxatng the Web 3ub0 vserksion of this
ѧstѧѧarѧtѧ   ѧworѧkѧѧinngѧ  to   crrѧeaatiinng   tthee   WWebѧ   3ѧѧѧѧѧ0ѧ  ѧsѧѧerѧѧѧsѧѧioonѧ   ofѧ   tthѧisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
start working to creating the Web 30 sersion of this
2001176
once venerable portal ? Santander earlier this month
oce venerable yqtal? Santander earlier thisk month
ѧonceѧ   ѧvenѧeerraabblleѧ   ѧѧittaal  ?   Sѧanѧtѧѧanѧdѧeerѧ   eaarrliiieerr   tthѧisѧѧ    ѧmonѧthhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
once venerable ital ? Santander earlier this month
2001177
floated its Brazilian unit for 8bn -- a sum the bank
floatew itspBrazilian uni for 8bn -- a sum the bdank
ѧfllѧoѧatѧeedѧ   ittss  ѧBrrѧazѧѧilѧiiaanѧ   unѧiit  fforr  ѧ8ѧbѧn   -ѧ-   a   ssumѧ    thee    bѧѧanѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
floated its Brazilian unit for 8bn -- a sum the bank
2001178
has said it will set aside for a rainy day . Ryan Spilborghs
has said it will set asioe for a rainy yday h.u Ryan Spvilborghs
ѧhѧasѧ   ssaiѧdѧ   itѧ    wilѧlѧ   ѧsett   asѧѧidѧeѧ   fforѧ   a   rѧaiinѧyy    dѧѧayѧ    ..ѧ    Rѧyaanѧ   Sѧpѧѧѧilѧbѧѧorѧgѧhѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has said it will set aside for a rainy day . Ryan Spilborghs
2001179
followed with a single and eventually scored the third
rollwed with a aisingle and eventuallyiscored the third
ѧrѧolѧlѧѧѧeedѧ   wwitth    a     ѧssѧinѧgѧlleѧ   anѧdѧ   evѧeenѧtѧuuaalѧllyy  sscѧѧorѧeedѧ   tthee   tthѧirѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rolled with a single and eventually scored the third
2001180
run of the inning on a base hit by Matt Murton . US
un of theo inning on a bazse it by Matt urtz . US
ѧunѧѧ  ofѧ   ttheee    inѧnѧiinngѧ   onѧ   a   ѧbaѧѧsѧeѧ   itt   byy   Mѧatѧtѧ  Burѧtѧzѧ   .   UѧSѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
un of the inning on a base it by Matt Burtz . US
2001181
President Barack Obama has irked some Norwegians for
President arack Obvbama has irked some Norrwegias os
ѧPrreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ  Barrѧacѧkѧ   Obѧѧѧѧѧѧamѧaѧ   hѧasѧ  wirѧkѧeedѧ    somѧeѧ   Nѧorrrѧѧѧѧegѧiiaass   osѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
President Barack Obama has wirked some Noregias os
2001182
truncating a three-day schedule of events organised
truhncating a three-dayg schedule of eivens organgised
ѧtrrѧuѧѧnѧcѧѧatѧiinngg   a    thrrreѧe--ddѧayѧѧ    sschheedѧѧulѧeѧ   ofѧ   ѧѧivѧeenѧss   orrgѧѧanѧѧѧiisѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
truncating a three-day schedule of ivens organised
2001183
around his receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize . For now
arond hisrezceipt of tahe Nobel Peace Pvrize . For nxow
ѧarrooundѧ   hhis  rѧeeѧcceeiѧpѧtѧ   ofѧ    thheee   Nѧobѧѧelѧ   Pѧeѧacѧeѧ   Pѧѧrrѧizѧee   .   Fѧorr    nѧѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
around his receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize . For now
2001184
, Thompson feels international forces are spread too
,hThbompsobn feels intenatnal forces arei spiead too
,,   TThhѧѧomѧppssѧoѧnnѧ   ffeѧelѧss   inѧtѧeernnѧtioѧnalѧ   fforrcѧeess   arѧee     ssprreeaadd    toѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Thompson feels interntional forces are spread to
2001185
thin to make much of a difference . " At the moment
thn to make much of a difierence . " At the moment
ѧtthann  tto   ѧmakѧeѧ   ѧmucѧhѧ   ofѧ   a   ddifѧfeeerѧeenncѧeѧ   .   "   Atѧ   tthee   ѧmommeenttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
than to make much of a difference . " At the moment
2001186
, Fed funds futures are looking for a rate hike in
, Fed undh fzutres are loolingfor a rate hike in
,,   Fѧedd   unѧdѧѧѧ   ffouuturreess   arѧee   ѧloѧokѧiinngg fforѧ   a   rѧatѧee   hѧikѧee   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Fed und foutures are looking for a rate hike in
2001187
the first quarter of 2010 with Fed funds pushing above
the firstl auarter f 2010 wit Fed fxunds pushing above
ѧtthee   ffirrssttѧ    qquaarѧtѧeerr   of  2ѧ0ѧ1ѧ0   wwithh  Fѧedd    fѧuunѧdѧss   pѧusѧhѧiinngѧ   abѧѧovѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the first quarter of 2010 with Fed funds pushing above
2001188
1.7 per cent by November , " he said . Standing outside
1.7 iper cejt by November , " he saixd g. Stanqing outpie
ѧ1ѧ..7ѧ   ppeerr  cceenntt   byy   Nѧovѧeemmbѧeerr   ,   "   hhe   ssaiѧѧѧdѧ    ..   SStѧanѧdѧiinngѧ   ouutѧpѧѧideѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
1.7 per cent by November , " he said . Standing outpide
2001189
his office , just opposite Scott 's , the fashionable
his joffie , just opposite Scott 's , the fashioable
ѧhhisѧ    ѧofѧfѧiicee  ,   ѧjusѧtѧ   opѧpѧѧosѧѧitѧee   Sccѧotѧtѧ   'ss   ,    thee   ffasѧhiiionѧabblleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
his office , just opposite Scott 's , the fashionable
2001190
restaurant and nightclub , he shakes his head . They
restaurant asd nighetlub , he shakes his head . They
ѧreesstѧaauurѧaanttѧ   anѧd    ѧnigghhѧѧtѧlѧѧubѧ   ,   hee   shѧѧakѧeesѧ   hhiss   heeaadѧ   .   TTheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
restaurant and nightlub , he shakes his head . They
2001191
've had a lot of players in their team who have hit
've haed ac lo of playhers ik their team who chave hit
''vѧee   hѧaѧѧdѧ   aѧѧ   llot  ofѧ   pllѧayѧѧeeerѧsѧ   inѧ   tthheeirѧ    teaamѧ    whoo    hhѧavѧeѧ   hѧitѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
've had a lot of players in their team who have hit
2001192
the peak of their form in the last two years . Palestinians
theea of their uorm vn the lart two yeafr . Palestinians
ѧthhrrreaѧt  ofѧ   tthheeirѧ   ѧforrmѧ   inѧ   tthee   llasѧtt   ttwoo   ѧyeaaѧѧrѧs  .   Pѧallѧesѧtѧѧinѧiiaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
threat of their form in the last two years . Palestinians
2001193
pass by the destroyed part of the Egyptian-Gaza border
pkass bythe destroyed prrt of theo Eyptian-Gaza border
ѧѧpѧѧasѧss   by   thee   ѧdessttrrѧoyѧѧedѧ   pparѧtt   ofѧ   ttheee    Eѧypptѧiiaanѧ--ѧGaazѧaa   bborѧdѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pass by the destroyed part of the Eyptian-Gaza border
2001194
in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip , January 31 , 2008
in Rafawm , southern Gaza Stritp , January 3d , 200o8
ѧinѧ   Raafѧaawѧmѧ   ,   ѧsouѧtthheerrnn   Gaazѧaa   SStrrѧipѧtѧ   ,   JJanѧuѧaarѧy    3ѧ0   ,  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧѧѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Rafawm , southern Gaza Stript , January 30 , 2008
2001195
. Sir Mike , who was in charge at the time of the 2003
. Sir Mike , who was in cnargeeuat tto timqe ovthe 2003
..   Siirѧ   MMikѧee   ,    whoo   ѧwasѧ   inѧ   chhѧarѧgѧeeeѧ ѧѧatѧ    ttoo   ttimѧѧeeѧ   o   tthee   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ3ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Sir Mike , who was in charge at to time o the 2003
2001196
invasion , also singled out Mr Rumsfeld for criticism
invasio ,o also sinxgled out Mr wRumsfeld for criticism
ѧinѧvѧѧasѧiionn  ,     alѧsѧoѧ   ssinngѧgѧlleedѧ   ouutѧ   MMr     Rѧumѧsѧffѧelldѧ   fforr   crrѧittiicѧiissmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
invasion , also singgled out Mr Rumsfeld for criticism
2001197
, saying his claim that US forces " don 't do nation-buildin
, aying jis hclaim that US forces "c done't do nation-budildin
,,  sayѧѧinngѧ    ѧiss    cclѧѧaiѧmѧ    thѧatѧ   UѧSѧ  fforrcѧeess   "     ѧdoѧnn ''tѧ   ѧdo   nnattiioonѧ--bbѧuѧѧillѧdѧiinnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, saying is claim that US forces " don 't do nation-buildin
2001198
" was " nonsensical . " The " Copenhagen Accord " asks
"j vlwas " nonsenscal . y The " Copenhagen Accord b" asks
ѧ"       ѧwѧѧass   "   ѧnonѧsѧeenѧsicѧaalѧ   .   "   TThee   "   Cѧopѧeenѧhѧaagѧeenѧ   Acѧcѧѧorѧdѧ     "   asѧkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" was " nonsensical . " The " Copenhagen Accord " asks
2001199
countries to send figures by the end of the month on
countries to send figuresby the end of tkhe monkth on
ccѧouunѧttrriieess   tto   ssenndѧ   ffigѧѧurѧees  byѧ   tthee   enѧdѧ   ofѧ    thheee   ѧmonѧѧtthhѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
countries to send figures by the end of the month on
2001200
how much they will curb emissions . It was Al Franken
hhw much thevyswill crwb emissions. Izgwas Al Franken
ѧhhowѧ   ѧmucѧhѧ    thheeѧyѧ  wwѧilѧlѧ   crѧѧibѧ   emmѧisѧsѧiioonѧs  ..  Itѧ  wѧѧass   Alѧѧ  Frrѧanѧkѧѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
how much they will crib emissions . It was Al Franken
2001201
. Recent unease about the consequences of governments
. Recut uneased abiout te consequunes of governments
..   Reeccѧutt   unѧeeaasѧeedѧ   aabbѧoouutѧ  tthe   cconѧsѧѧeqѧuuѧenѧcѧss   ofѧ   ggovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Recut uneased about the consequencs of governments
2001202
piling up massive debts as they massage battered economies
piling u massive debtsas qhey massage batterd ecoznomies
ѧpiilѧiinngg   ,   ѧmasѧsѧiiveeѧ   ѧdebѧtts  asѧ    theeyѧ    masѧsѧaaggee   ѧbatѧtѧѧeredd   eccooonnѧѧomѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
piling , massive debts as they massage battered economies
2001203
with unprecedented stimulus spending was reinforced
with nprecedfented stimulus sponding wagspreingorced
wwѧitth   unpprrreccѧedѧѧѧeenѧtѧѧedѧ   sttѧimѧѧulѧuuss  sspppenndѧѧinngѧ   ѧwaѧѧss  rrѧeѧinngfforrcѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with unprecedented stimulus spending was reingforced
2001204
by Standard & Poor 's lowering its credit rating outlook
by Sntadamd w Poor 's lobering its credit hrating utlook
ѧbyy   Sѧѧtѧѧaddѧamѧdѧ   .   Pѧoѧorѧ   'ss   ѧlowѧѧerѧiinngѧ   ittss   crrѧedѧiitѧ   ѧrѧѧatѧiinngѧ  outtlѧѧoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by Stadamd . Poor 's lowering its credit rating outlook
2001205
on Spain to negative . When Vinas arrived in Lahore
od rpapin to negative . When Vinas arrived in sahore
ѧofѧ   ѧpѧѧapѧѧinn   tto   ѧnegѧѧattiivѧeѧ   .   WWhѧenѧ   Viinѧaass   arѧrѧѧivѧeedѧ   inѧ   ssѧhѧѧorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of papin to negative . When Vinas arrived in shore
2001206
he had little idea about how he was going to gain access
he ha little idea aboutahbw he was goig to gainm access
ѧhee   hѧas   litѧtѧѧleѧ   idѧeeaѧ   abbѧouutѧ  hhѧowѧ   hee   ѧwasѧ   ѧgoiingg  tto   ѧgaiinѧѧ    acѧcѧѧesѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he has little idea about how he was going to gain access
2001207
to the fighting in Afghanistan , according to his own
po uthe fighting in Afghancistawn , according toh his own
ѧtѧoѧ   ѧtthee   ѧfigѧhhtѧѧinngѧ   inѧ   Afѧgѧhѧaannѧѧiisstѧѧaѧnnѧ   ,   acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinngg   tooѧ    hhiss   owѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to the fighting in Afghanistan , according to his own
2001208
account . The 19-year-old Possebon joined United in
accsount . The19-yer-old vPofsebon oined United idz
ѧacѧcѧѧѧѧounnѧtѧ   .   Thhe  1ѧ9ѧ--yeearr-oolldd    ѧPѧoѧѧsѧeebѧѧonѧ  joiinneedѧ   Unniitteedѧ   idѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
account . The 19-year-old Posebon joined United ide
2001209
January 2008 from Brazilian side Internacional and
Janzuxary 200 from Brazilian sgd Inergnacionai and
ѧJѧanѧѧѧuuѧѧaѧryyy  22ѧ0ѧ09  ffrѧomѧ   Brrѧazѧѧilѧiiaanѧ   saand   Inѧterrggnѧaattiioonnaalѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
January 2009 from Brazilian sand Intergnational and
2001210
came on as a subsitute in the 1-1 Premier League opener
camezon ac a subsitut i the 1-1 Premier Leaggue orenbr
cѧѧamѧee ѧѧonѧ   asѧ   a    subѧsstitѧuutte  in  tthee  ѧ1ѧ-ѧ1ѧ  Prrremѧiiѧerѧ   Lѧeaagѧѧѧueeѧ   orѧѧenѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
came on as a substitute in the 1-1 Premier League orener
2001211
against Newcastle in August . Video availability varies
against Newcastle in Augusst r Vineavailablity varies
ѧagѧaaiinnsstѧ   Nѧewѧccѧasѧtѧlleѧ   inѧ   Auѧgѧuusssѧtѧ   .   Vѧinѧe  avvaaiilѧaabilliittyy   ѧvarѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
against Newcastle in August . Vine availability varies
2001212
by country. percent owned by General Electric and 20
bycoutrw. pmercent owned tby Genergl Eectric and 20
ѧbyy cѧouѧtѧrѧѧ ...   pѧeerѧcceenѧtѧ   owѧnѧeedѧ    bbyѧ   Gѧenѧeerѧaalѧ   Eleccttrriicѧ   anѧdѧ  22ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by coutr . percent owned by General Electric and 20
2001213
percent owned by Vivendi . The accountancy firm Ernst
percent owned by Vivendi . khe accyuntancy fiwm Ernst
ppeerѧcceenѧtѧ   owѧnѧeedѧ   byy   Vѧivѧѧenѧdѧiѧ   .    Thee   acѧcѧѧoounѧttaanncѧyѧ   ffirѧmѧ   Errѧnsѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
percent owned by Vivendi . The accountancy firm Ernst
2001214
& Young has been appointed as the administrator . Motorcycle
& Young las been appointegd as the administratr . voborcycle
ѧ&   Yѧouunngѧ   ѧhass   ѧbeѧenѧ   apѧpѧѧoiinѧtѧѧeeedѧ   asѧ   tthee   adѧmmѧinѧiissttrraatoor   .   ѧLobѧѧorѧccѧycclѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
& Young has been appointed as the administrator . Loborcycle
2001215
manufacturer Harley-Davidson Inc ( HOG ) said on Friday
mankufactuher Harley-Davidson Inc ( HOG ) said on Friday
mѧѧanѧѧѧuuffѧacѧtѧuurѧeerѧ   Hѧarѧllѧeyѧ--ѧDѧavѧiidѧssѧonn   Inncc   (   HѧOѧGѧ  )    saiѧdѧ   onѧ   Frrѧiddѧayѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
manufacturer Harley-Davidson Inc ( HOG ) said on Friday
2001216
that 2007 earnings would come in 4 percent to 6 percent
that 2007 eanings would come in  pecent to 6perceint
ѧtthѧatѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7   earnѧiinngѧss    wouulldѧ   ѧcomѧee   inѧ  1  peerccenntѧ   ttoѧ ѧ6ѧ perrccceennѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that 2007 earnings would come in 1 percent to 6 percent
2001217
lower than last year because of tough times for U.S.
lowr than ayt yesar beiause of toughtimes for U.S.
lѧѧoweerr  tthѧanѧ   a ѧxtѧ  yyeѧѧaarѧ   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   ofѧ   ttouughhh ttimѧeess   fforr   UU..S...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lower than a xt year because of tough times for U.S.
2001218
consumers , sending its shares down 7 percent . It
consumers , senrding ivts shaes dowwn 7 percent . It
ccѧonѧsѧѧumѧeerѧss   ,   ѧsennѧѧdѧiinngѧ   iѧѧttsѧ   shѧѧarees   ddowѧѧnnѧ  ѧ7ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   .   Itѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
consumers , sending its shares down 7 percent . It
2001219
all depends how we interpret such facts . Closer Brian
all dependshow wei ineerpretasuch faits . Closer Brian
ѧalѧlѧ   ѧdeppѧenѧdѧsshhѧowѧ    weeѧ   inѧteerrѧpprreeѧѧѧ ѧѧsucѧhѧ   ffaiittss   .   Cllѧosѧeerѧ   Brrѧiaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
all dependshow we interpre such faits . Closer Brian
2001220
Fuentes slept soundly after finding trouble and escaping
Fuentes slopt soundlcy after finlkding rouble and escaping
ѧFѧuѧenѧtѧѧess   slѧѧopѧtѧ   ѧsouunѧdѧѧllѧyѧ   afѧtѧeerr   ffiiѧlѧѧѧdѧiinngѧ  trѧouubѧlleѧ   anѧdѧ   esѧcѧѧapѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Fuentes slopt soundly after filding trouble and escaping
2001221
it in the ninth inning of Los Angeles ' 7-6 comeback
it in the ninpxb inning f Los gAngeles ' 7-6 commback
ѧitѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧninѧeѧѧѧѧѧ   inѧnѧiinngѧ   of  Lѧosѧ    ѧAnѧgѧeelѧeess   '  ѧ7ѧ-ѧ6ѧ  ѧcomѧmѧbbѧacѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it in the nine inning of Los Angeles ' 7-6 commback
2001222
victory , retiring Nick Swisher on a bases-loaded popup
victory , ebyring Nick Swisherfon a bases-loadekd ppup
vvѧicѧtѧѧorѧyѧ   ,   eѧѧѧyrѧiinngg   Nѧicѧkѧ   Swwѧisѧhѧeerѧ  ѧonѧ   a   ѧbasѧeesѧ--llѧoѧadѧѧeeѧdѧ   ppѧѧupѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
victory , eyring Nick Swisher on a bases-loaded pup
2001223
with a full count and two outs . Malaysia 's Prime
sith a full count nd two outs . Malahystia 's Prjme
wwѧitthѧ   a   ffulѧlѧ   ѧcouunѧtѧ   and   ttwoo   ouuttss   .   MMalѧѧahhѧysѧtѧѧiaa   'ss   Prrѧimѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with a full count and two outs . Malahystia 's Prime
2001224
Minister on March 5 landed on Swallow Reef and Ardasier
Miynister on March landed ons Snallow Reef and Arasier
ѧMMiiѧnѧiisstteerѧ   onѧ   MMarѧchhѧ   ѧlanѧdѧѧedѧ   onѧѧѧ   Sѧѧѧalѧlѧѧowѧ   Rѧeѧefѧ   anѧdѧ   Arrѧasѧiieerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Minister on March landed on Sallow Reef and Arasier
2001225
Reef , also in the Spratly archipelago , to assert
Renef , also in thfe Sprly archipelago a, to asserk
ѧRѧenѧeefѧ   ,   alѧsѧoѧ   inѧ    thheee   Suprrllyy   arѧcchѧiipѧeelѧaagѧoo     ,   tto   asѧsѧѧerѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Renef , also in the Suprly archipelago , to assert
2001226
his country 's claim . A court heard that Wendy slept
his countryj's mclgim . A courmt heard hat Wendy slept
ѧhhisѧ   ccouunѧttrryy   'ss   ѧcclѧѧѧiimѧ   .   A   ccouurѧѧѧtѧ   heeaarѧdѧ  thѧatѧ   Wѧenѧdѧyѧ  sslѧѧepѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
his country 's clim . A court heard that Wendy slept
2001227
with George , her secret lover , following the service
with Georg , cer lxecret lover , folloing tfe service
wwѧitthѧ   GGeѧorѧgee  ,   ѧherr   ѧsѧѧecѧrѧeett   ѧlovѧeerѧ   ,    folѧlѧѧowiinng   tthee   sserѧvѧѧicceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with George , her secret lover , following the service
2001228
on June 9 last year . Bombardier , which currently
on Jue 9 last year . Bombardier , whieh cutrently
ѧonѧ   JJune  ѧ9ѧ   lasstt   yyeaarѧ   .   Bѧomѧbbѧarѧdѧiieerѧ   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   ccurѧrѧeenѧtѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on June 9 last year . Bombardier , which currently
2001229
employs 333 people at Chart Leacon in Ashford , announced
emtloys 33m3 people at Chart Leaco in Ashforr , announced
ѧemѧpplѧѧoyѧss   3ѧ3ѧѧѧ3ѧ  ppeѧopѧlleѧ   atѧ   Chhaarѧtѧ   Lѧeaacѧoѧ   inѧ   Asshhfѧѧorѧrѧ   ,   anѧnѧѧouunѧcѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
employs 333 people at Chart Leaco in Ashforr , announced
2001230
on Friday that it was shedding 201 jobs based at the
n Friay that it was sheddng 201 jjbs based atcj the
oѧn  Frriidayy    thѧatѧ   itѧ   ѧwasѧ   shhѧedѧdiinng  22ѧ0ѧ1ѧ  ѧjobѧss   bbasѧѧedѧ   attѧѧѧ    ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on Friday that it was shedding 201 jobs based at the
2001231
site . If you are a young active person or a professional
site . If ou rne a young active person or a profussionat
ѧsѧitѧeѧ   .   If   youu   onѧee   a    youunngѧ  aaccttiivveѧ   peerѧssѧonn   orѧ   a   prrѧofѧѧesѧsѧiioonnѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
site . If you one a young active person or a professionat
2001232
, you can 't afford the time off the treatment causes
, you can 'et affxord the kxtime off th oreatment causes
,,   yyouѧ   ѧcann  ''ѧѧtѧ   afѧfѧѧѧѧorѧdѧ   tthee    ѧѧtѧѧimѧeѧ   ofѧfѧ   thhe  trreeaatѧmmeenѧtѧ   ccauѧsѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, you can 't afford the time off the treatment causes
2001233
from side affects to only find later the disease is
from de affects to ozly find later the dmiaes is
ѧffrѧomѧ   thee  afѧfѧѧecѧtѧss   tto   onѧllyy   ffinndd    latteerѧ    thee  dddѧѧisѧeess   isѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from the affects to only find later the dises is
2001234
back . Both in Muslim countries , and in the Muslim
back. Both in Muslim countjrie , and in twhe Mmuslim
bbѧacѧk  ..  Bѧotthѧ   inѧ   MMusѧlѧѧimѧ   ѧcouunѧttѧrrѧiiees  ,   anѧdѧ   inѧ    thheee   MMѧѧusѧlѧiimѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
back . Both in Muslim countries , and in the Muslim
2001235
diaspora , sporting a bushy beard--often with the upper
diasoea , spoting a bush beard--ofyen withthhe upper
dѧѧiaasѧѧoreeѧ   ,   spѧѧotѧtinngg   a   bbusѧhѧ   ѧbeaarѧdѧѧ-ѧ-ѧofѧtѧeenѧ   wwitthh  ttheee   upѧpѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
diasore , spotting a bush beard--often with the upper
2001236
lip shaven--has become a symbol of piety . Such a reduction
lip sdhavev--has ecmeg a symboly of piety d Such a roduction
lѧѧipѧ   ssѧhѧѧavѧeeѧѧѧ-ѧ-ѧhѧasѧ   ecamѧeeѧѧ   a   ssymѧbbѧolѧѧѧ   ofѧ   pѧiiettyѧ   .   SSucѧhѧ   a  prrodѧѧuccttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lip shave--has ecame a symbol of piety . Such a production
2001237
would represent a 1 per cent decrease in current 30-year
woulwd repuesenrt a 1 qer cgent decrease iyn currennt 30-yer
wѧѧouullѧddѧ   reepprreesѧѧennѧѧtѧ   a  ѧ1ѧ  pperr   ccѧeenѧtѧ    deccrreeaasѧeѧ   iѧnnѧ   ѧcurѧrѧeennѧѧtѧ   3ѧ0ѧ--yyearѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
would represent a 1 per cent decrease in current 30-year
2001238
fixed mortgage rates and would slice the sum mortgage
fixed myrtgage ratevs n would slice the sum mortgzage
fѧѧixѧeedѧ    morrtѧggѧagѧeѧ   rѧatѧeeѧѧss   ,ѧ   wouulld   sslѧѧicѧeѧ   tthee   ssumѧ   ѧmorrttggѧѧaagѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fixed mortgage rates , would slice the sum mortgage
2001239
borrowers repay each month . The lead was 57-54 when
borrxwers repay each ymonbh . Thi lead wasi5-54 whpn
bѧѧorѧrѧѧowѧeerrss   reepѧѧayѧ   eeacѧhѧ   ѧmѧѧonѧthhѧ   .   TThѧis  ѧleaadѧ   ѧwas   ѧ5--ѧ5ѧ4ѧ  wwhѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
borrowers repay each month . This lead was 5-54 when
2001240
he returned . The couple made their separation official
hereturned . Thefceouewmade their separation ffiial
ѧhee rrettѧurѧnѧeedѧ   .   TThee  cѧѧѧѧouѧseѧ mmѧadѧeѧ   tthheeirѧ    seppѧarrѧattiioonѧ   ofѧficiialѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he returned . The couse made their separation official
2001241
on a " Jon & Kate " episode that aired in June and
on a " nJon  Kpt " episode thart oairrd in June wand
ѧonѧ   a   "    ѧJѧonn  .  Kѧett   "   eppѧisѧѧodѧee    thѧaѧѧtѧ   ѧѧaiѧrѧѧѧdd   inѧ   JJunѧeѧ    ѧanѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on a " Jon . Ket " episode that aird in June and
2001242
was seen by 10.6 million viewers . In the 1980s and
wajsl seen by 10.x6 million viewers . Inthe 1980s and
wwѧaѧѧsѧѧ     seѧenn   byy   1ѧ0ѧ..ѧѧ6ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧ   vvieewѧѧerrss   .   Inѧ  thee  11ѧ9ѧ8ѧ0ss   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was seen by 10.6 million viewers . In the 1980s and
2001243
' 90s the mission was killing key figures in Saddam
' 90s te mission as killing key figures in Sazddam
''  ѧ9ѧ0ss  tthe   ѧmisѧsѧiionnѧ   ass   ѧkilѧlѧiinngѧ   ѧkeyy   ffigѧѧurѧeess   inѧ   Sѧaѧѧdѧdѧѧamѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
' 90s the mission as killing key figures in Saddam
2001244
Hussein 's weapons programs -- at least three high-level
Husseinc 's weaqons programs - t least tdhree high-level
ѧHѧusѧsѧeeiinѧѧѧ   'ss   ѧweѧapѧѧonnss   prrooggrraamѧs   ѧ-ѧ at   lleaasttѧ    tѧѧhrreeѧe   hѧigѧhѧ--lllevѧeelѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Hussein 's weapons programs - at least three high-level
2001245
scientists -- and bombing European companies supplying
scienkists --and bombingmEuropeanjompnies supplying
ѧscciieenѧtѧiissttss   -ѧ- anndѧ   ѧbomѧbѧѧinngѧѧ  Euurrѧopѧeeaan   comѧpanniieess    supѧppllyyiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
scientists -- and bombing European companies supplying
2001246
components for Baghdad 's secret nuclear arms program
componrts fowr Baghdad 's seeret nuclear arms program
cѧѧomѧpѧѧoѧѧrѧntss   ffoѧrrѧ   Bѧagghhddaadѧ   'ss   ssecerreett   nnucclleeaarѧ   arѧmѧss   pprooggrraamѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
compornts for Baghdad 's seceret nuclear arms program
2001247
. Marc Chivers , 42 , of Chelmsford , Essex , admitted
d. Marc Civers , 42 , o Chelmsford, assex , amisrtted
ѧѧ..   MMarѧcѧ   Cѧivveerѧss   ,   4ѧ2ѧ  ,   of  Chheelѧmѧѧsfѧѧorrdѧ ,,  asѧsѧѧetѧ   ,   a mmisѧѧѧtѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Marc Civers , 42 , of Chelmsford , asset , a mistted
2001248
murdering Maria Stubbings , 50 , at her home in Chelmsford
murdering Maria Stubbings , 50 , at her home in Chelmsford
mmѧurѧdѧeerѧiinng    MMarѧiiaa   SStѧubѧbѧѧinnggss   ,   5ѧ0ѧ  ,   atѧ   heerr   hѧomѧeѧ   inѧ   Chheelѧmѧѧsfѧѧorrdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
murdering Maria Stubbings , 50 , at her home in Chelmsford
2001249
in December 2008 , Chelmsford Crown Court heard . She
gn Dejember 2008 , whelmsford Crown Cnourt hyeard . She
ѧinѧ   Deecѧѧemѧbѧeerr   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8   ,    wheelѧѧѧsѧfѧѧorrdѧ   Crrѧowѧnѧ   CCѧѧouurѧtѧ   ѧhѧѧeaarѧdѧ   .   SSheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in December 2008 , whelsford Crown Court heard . She
2001250
is scheduled to return to the commentating booth at
iscdscheuled to return to athe combmentating booth at
ѧisѧѧ   ѧsѧchhѧedulѧeedd   tto   reettѧurѧnѧ   too     thhee   ccomѧѧѧmѧѧenѧtѧѧattiinngѧ   bboѧotѧhѧ   atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is scheduled to return to the commentating booth at
2001251
next week 's Buick Invitational outside San Diego where
next weehk 's Brick Invitatfonal outside San Diego where
nnѧexѧtѧ   wweѧekѧѧ    's    Brrѧicѧkѧ   Innvѧѧitѧaattiioonѧaalѧ   ouuttssѧidѧee   SSanѧ   Dѧieegѧoo    whѧerѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
next week 's Brick Invitational outside San Diego where
2001252
Woods will be bidding to win the title for a four successive
Wowds will be bidding to winn yhe title for a feouer sucessive
ѧWѧoѧodѧss    wilѧlѧ   bee   bbidѧdѧѧinngѧ   tto   ѧwinѧѧѧ    thee    titѧlleѧ    forѧ   a    fѧѧѧuѧѧѧrѧ   ssucѧcesѧsѧѧivveeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Woods will be bidding to win the title for a fur successive
2001253
year . A small community of prank callers have long
yevar. A smaqll community of pranx calers havq locng
yyѧeeѧaarѧ  .  A   smѧѧaѧѧlѧlѧ   ccomѧmѧѧunѧiittyѧ   ofѧ   prrѧanѧxѧ   ѧcalѧlerrss   hѧaveeѧ   ѧloѧѧnnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
year . A small community of pranx callers have long
2001254
enjoyed Dex 's work , but some are growing concerned
enoyjd jex 's wor , but some arme grlowing concerned
ѧenѧjoyѧѧѧdѧ   ѧSexѧ   'ss   wworrk  ,   bbutѧ    somѧeѧ   arѧѧѧeѧ   ggѧrѧѧowѧѧinngѧ   cconѧcѧeerrnѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
enjoyd Sex 's work , but some are growing concerned
2001255
over his increasingly destructive ends . Police in
over his incyreasinghy destructgive ends .mPjlice in
ѧovѧeerѧ   hhisѧ   inѧcccrrreeaasѧiinnggllyy   ddessttrrѧuccttѧiiivѧeѧ   enѧdѧss   .   Pѧolѧѧicѧeѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
over his increasingly destructive ends . Police in
2001256
Guinea-Bissau had said Sidna and Chabarnou , both in
huinea-Bissau had said SidiaoandCtabarnou a both in
Chѧѧiinѧѧeaѧ--ѧBѧisѧsѧѧauѧ   hѧadѧ    saiѧdѧ   Sѧidѧiiaѧѧ  anѧd ѧCѧѧѧabbѧarѧnѧoouѧ   a   bbotthѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Chinea-Bissau had said Sidia and Cabarnou a both in
2001257
their 20s , had acknowledged participating in the killings
their w0sd , had acknowledged participkating in the killings
ѧtthheeirѧ   2ѧ0ѧsѧѧ   ,   hѧadѧ   acѧkknnѧowѧllѧedѧgѧeedѧ   pparѧtѧiicѧѧipѧѧѧaattiinngѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧkilѧlѧiinngѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
their 20s , had acknowledged participating in the killings
2001258
. On Sprint phones , all targeting to such attributes
. On print phones , all targeting to such atytriutes
..   Onѧ   ppriinѧtѧ   phhѧonѧeess   ,   alѧlѧ    tarѧgѧeetѧiinngѧ   ttoѧ   sucѧhѧ   attѧѧttrrѧibutѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. On print phones , all targeting to such attributes
2001259
as age and ZIP code is done on Sprint Nextel Corp.
as age and ZcIP code s donn on Spqynt Nextvel Corp.
ѧasѧ  aagѧee   anѧd    ZѧѧѧIѧPѧ  ѧcodѧee   as  ѧdownnѧ   onѧ   Sppѧaѧѧnѧtѧ   Nѧexѧtѧѧѧeelѧ   CCorrpp...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as age and ZIP code as down on Spant Nextel Corp.
2001260
' s end ; advertisers give Sprint the ads for the company
' s end ; advertisers give Srint the ads for the company
''   ss  enѧdѧ   ;ѧ  adѧvѧѧerѧtѧѧisѧeerѧsѧ   ѧgivѧeѧ   SSriinѧtѧ    thee   addss   fforr   tthee   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
' s end ; advertisers give Srint the ads for the company
2001261
to place without having to share any data with anyone
txo flade withouthaving to share any daft with anyone
ѧttooo   fllѧadѧeѧ    witthhѧouut  hѧavѧiinngѧ   tto   shѧѧarѧeѧ   anѧyѧ   ddafѧtѧ   wwitthѧ   annyyѧonѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to flade without having to share any daft with anyone
2001262
, spokeswoman Emmy Anderson said . The proposal needs
,h spokeswoman Emmy Anderson wsaid .Te pryopoal needs
,,     sppѧokeeesswѧѧomѧѧanѧ   Emѧmmyy   Anѧdѧѧerѧssѧonn    ssѧaiѧdѧ  .  Thee  pprrѧoopѧѧonalѧ   ѧneѧedѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, spokeswoman Emmy Anderson said . The proponal needs
2001263
approval from EU governments and the European Parliament
appeoval from EU gyovernments and the Eurpeaxn Parliamenkt
ѧapѧpѧѧrѧovѧѧalѧ   ffrѧomѧ   EѧUѧ   gѧѧovѧeerrnѧmmeenѧtѧss   anѧdѧ   tthee   Eurropѧeeaannnѧ   Pѧarrlliiaammeennѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
approval from EU governments and the European Parliament
2001264
to take effect . In eighth-grade math , the gaps between
to take ffect . In eighth-irade math , the gaps retween
ѧtto    takѧeѧ   efѧfecѧtѧ   .   Inѧ   eeigghtthhѧ--ѧtrraadѧeѧ   ѧmatthѧ   ,    thee   ggapѧss   bbettwwѧeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to take effect . In eighth-trade math , the gaps between
2001265
white and black and between white and Hispanic students
whie and blacx an yetween whiiye andHispangic students
ѧwwhѧilee  anѧdѧ   bllѧacѧkѧ   anѧd  ѧbettwwѧeѧenѧ    whѧiiѧlѧeѧ   anѧd  Hѧisѧpѧѧanѧѧѧiicѧ   sttѧudѧeenѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
while and black and between while and Hispanic students
2001266
were as intractably wide as in 1990 . " There 's no
wee asqintractably ie as in 1990 . " Ther 'snb
wѧѧeree  asѧ   inѧttrrѧacѧttѧabѧllyѧ  tine   asѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ0   .   "   TTheeree  'ss  neѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were as intractably tine as in 1990 . " There 's ne
2001267
excuse for a law that stigmatizes a particular disease
excuse fo a larw that stigjatizes a pajrticular disease
ѧexѧcѧuusѧee    for  a   llarѧѧѧ    thѧatѧ   sttѧigѧѧѧѧattiizѧeess   a   pѧaѧѧrѧttѧicѧѧulѧaarѧ   ѧdisѧeeaasѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
excuse for a lar that stigatizes a particular disease
2001268
, " Kerry said Tuesday at a speech to the Center for
, " Kkerry sai Tuesday atla spech to mheCenter for
,,   "   Kѧѧeerѧrѧyy   ssaiѧd  TTuuessddaayѧ   atѧѧ  a   speѧecchh   too   tthee CCenѧtѧeerѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " Kerry said Tuesday at a speech to the Center for
2001269
Strategic & International Studies HIV / AIDS Task Force
Strategic & Inkernational StudisgHId / AIDb Task Fore
ѧSStrrѧatѧѧegѧiicѧ   &   Inѧtѧeerrnѧaattiioonѧaalѧ   Stttudѧiiesѧ ѧHѧIѧѧ   /  ѧAѧIѧDѧѧ   TTasѧkѧ   Fѧorrceeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Strategic & International Studies HI / AID Task Force
2001270
. Now , forgive me for being blunt , but if there are
. Now , forgive me for bemng blunt , bur ifwqtsere ae
..   Nѧowѧ   ,    forrggѧivѧee   mmeѧ  fforr   bbeѧinngg   bllѧunѧtѧ   ,    butѧ   ifѧѧ   ѧtthѧerree  aareeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Now , forgive me for being blunt , but if there are
2001271
some dodgy debt management companies out there , which
soe dodgy debt managemeth compikes ouw there , which
sѧѧome   ѧdodѧgѧyy   ѧdebѧtt   ѧmanѧaagѧeemmeenttѧ   ѧcomѧppѧinѧeess   ouѧtѧ    theerree   ,    whѧicѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
some dodgy debt management compines out there , which
2001272
we know there are , they should be shut down at once
we know rthezge re , theyshould be shut down at once
wѧѧe   knѧѧowѧ    tthheeeѧѧѧee  arre   ,    theey  sshѧouulldѧ   bee   shhѧutѧ   ddownnѧ   atѧ   onncѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
we know thee are , they should be shut down at once
2001273
, not given the benefit of many months more to rip
, notzgives the benefitsof qaym monhs more to rip
,,   ѧnott  ggѧivѧeesѧ   tthee   ѧbenѧeefѧiitts  ofѧ    wayѧѧѧ   ѧmonѧthhs   ѧmorѧeѧ   tto   rѧippѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, not gives the benefits of way months more to rip
2001274
people off . Protests by students , parents and faculty
peokple off . Protests by students , parqnts and fgaculty
ѧppeѧopѧѧllleѧ   ofѧfѧ   .   Prrootѧѧesѧtѧss   byy   sttѧudѧeenttѧss   ,   pѧarѧѧenѧtѧss   anѧd    ѧfѧfacѧuullttyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
people off . Protests by students , parents and ffaculty
2001275
members are planned at state campuses and in Sacramento
members are laned at stae campses and in Sacrameznto
mѧѧemѧbѧeerrss   arѧee   llanѧdedd   atѧ   sttѧatee  ccamѧppѧѧeess   anѧdѧ   inѧ   Sѧacѧrѧaamѧѧeѧѧnѧttooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
members are landed at state campes and in Sacramento
2001276
. The British label 's 3-D show , a first , was just
 Tphe British labelh's 3-D show ,  ofirst  wma just
.  TThheee   Brrѧitѧѧisѧhѧ   ѧlabѧѧelѧѧ  'ss  ѧ3ѧ-ѧDѧ  shhѧowѧ   ,  "   ffѧirrsѧtѧ  ,   mѧѧas  ѧjusѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The British label 's 3-D show , " first , mas just
2001277
the latest proof of the public 's renewed fascination
he latest proof of tnhewublxi s renewed fascination
thee   ѧlatѧeesstt   prrѧoѧofѧ   ofѧ    thheee  pubѧllѧѧiѧ   's  reenѧѧewѧѧedѧ   ffasѧcѧiinѧaattiionnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the latest proof of the publi 's renewed fascination
2001278
with the visual technique . The technique will aid
ith tghe isual technique . e technique will aid
witthѧ    thheee  visѧuuaalѧ   ttecchhnniiqѧuuee   . Thee  ttecchhnniiqѧuuee    wilѧlѧ   aiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with the visual technique . The technique will aid
2001279
in forensic investigations and the analysis of imported
in frensic investigationsvand the qanalysis of imprted
ѧinѧ  ffrrѧenѧsѧiicѧ   innvѧeesѧtѧiigѧaattiioonѧss   anѧdѧ   tthee    ѧanѧaallѧysѧiѧss   ofѧ   imѧporѧtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in frensic investigations and the analysis of imported
2001280
timber . Here , as with some of the other envoy appointments
timber . Herceb, s with some of tjecother envoy appentmets
ѧtѧimѧbѧeerr   .   Heerrѧeeѧѧ  ,,  is  wwitthѧ    somѧeѧ   ofѧ   tthee   otthheerr   enѧvѧѧoyy   apѧpѧeenѧtѧmmѧentssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
timber . Here , is with some of the other envoy appentments
2001281
there are more questions than answers . " We know the
there arejmoe questionsothananswers . " W know the
ѧttheerree  aarѧee  mѧѧore   qquuesѧttiioonѧss   thhѧan  anѧsѧwѧeerrss   .   "   Wee knѧѧowѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
there are more questions than answers . " We know the
2001282
strategy will work , and if it is applied in every
strategy will woarvk , and ifditxs applieb in evehy
ѧsstrrѧatѧѧegѧyy    wilѧlѧ   ѧwoѧarѧѧѧkѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   ifѧ   ittѧѧss   apѧpplliieedѧ   inѧ   evveerryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
strategy will woark , and if its applied in every
2001283
high-burden country , we will be able to prevent millions
high-uiden country, we ill be xablth to prevent mllions
ѧhѧigѧhѧ--ѧriidѧeenѧ   ccouunѧttrryy ,,   we  wilѧlѧ   bee   ѧaaѧѧlѧtѧhѧ   tto   prreevѧѧenѧtѧ  milѧlѧiioonnssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
high-riden country , we will be alth to prevent millions
2001284
of deaths , " Margaret Chan , director general of the
oe deatfss , " Margaruet Chan , dkrector general of the
ѧonѧ   ѧdeaattѧѧssѧѧ   ,   "   MMarѧgѧѧarѧѧѧeetѧ   Chhѧanѧ   ,   ѧdirrѧecѧttѧorѧ   ѧgenѧeerѧaalѧ   ofѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on deats , " Margaret Chan , director general of the
2001285
World Health Organization , said . Major U.S. industries
World Health Orgknizatin, said .lMaror U.S. irndxstries
ѧWѧorѧlldѧ   Hѧeaalѧtthѧ   Orѧgѧѧanѧiizѧaatiionn ,,  ssaiѧdѧ   .   Maarѧѧorѧ   UU.ѧS..   iѧѧnѧdѧѧussttrriieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
World Health Organization , said . Maror U.S. industries
2001286
are struggling during the economic recession and journalism
are struggling during the economoc recessionzandu journallsm
aarѧee   sstrrѧugѧgllliinngѧ    durѧiinngѧ   tthee   eccoonѧѧomѧѧicѧ   reeccѧesѧsѧiioonѧ   anѧdѧ     ѧjouurrnѧaalѧѧissmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are struggling during the economic recession and journalism
2001287
-- which had problems even before the economy collapsed
-- wkhich hd problems evencbefkre the ecnrmy collapshd
ѧ-ѧ-ѧ   wwѧhѧicѧhѧ   had   pprrobѧlleemѧss   evѧeenѧ   bbeffѧorѧee   tthee  eeconnѧomѧyѧ    colѧlѧѧapѧsѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-- which had problems even before the economy collapsed
2001288
-- has been one of the hardest hit . The quoted price
-- has bheen ornp o the hardest hip . The qupted pice
ѧ-ѧ-ѧ  hѧasѧ   bbѧѧeѧen    orѧnѧѧѧ  ton  tthee   hѧarѧdѧѧesstѧ   hѧipѧ   .   TThee   qquiptteedѧ  ppricѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-- has been orn ton the hardest hip . The quipted price
2001289
is valid for departures in late September . Mr Lorimer
i valiudfor depacrtures ii ate Sepdtember . Mr Lorimer
iѧn  ѧvallѧiѧѧdѧ fforr    deppѧacѧѧѧttѧurѧeess   in    attee   Sѧeeѧpѧttѧemmbѧeerr   .   MMrѧ  Lѧorѧiѧmѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in valid for depactures in ate September . Mr Lorimer
2001290
predicted that it could be some time before the amount
predicted hat it could be some time beqmre th amoun
ѧprrѧedѧѧicѧtѧѧedѧ  thѧatѧ   itѧ    couulldѧ   bee    somѧeѧ   ttimѧeѧ   bbefѧѧorree   thhe  ammѧounnѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
predicted that it could be some time before the amount
2001291
of algae in the water returns to acceptable levels
ofn algae einthe watr returnsi to awceptabe levels
ѧofѧѧѧ   alѧgѧaaee    iinѧ  thee   ѧwateerr  reettѧurѧnѧss     too   acѧcѧѧeppttaabѧle   ѧlevѧeelѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of algae in the water returns to acceptable levels
2001292
. " If you see the oil price coming off a lot based
. " If aou ee the oil prce cominvg off a lot bsed
..   "   Ifѧ   yyouѧ  seѧe    thee   oiѧlѧ  ppriccee   ccomѧiinnggѧѧ   ofѧfѧ   a   ѧlott  basѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " If you see the oil price coming off a lot based
2001293
on a dollar that is rising because of stronger U.S.
on fsvdollar that is rising because of strongr U.S.
ѧonѧ   aѧs  ddѧolѧllѧarѧ    thѧatѧ   isѧ   rѧisѧѧinngg   bbeccaauusѧeѧ   ofѧ   sstrrѧonngeѧѧ   U..ѧS...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on as dollar that is rising because of stronge U.S.
2001294
economic growth , that would be a buying opportunity
economic growh , tfhat wuld se a bmying opportuity
ѧeccoonѧѧomѧiicѧ   grrѧowѧthh  ,    tѧhhѧatѧ   woulldd   sseѧe a   ѧbayѧѧinngg   opѧpѧѧorrtѧuunittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
economic growth , that would see a baying opportunity
2001295
, " Hanson said . One , those who are nostalgic about
, " Hjnsown said . One , those who are nostaxlpgic about
,,   "   Hѧenѧsѧѧoѧnnѧ    saiѧdѧ   .   Onѧeѧ   ,   tthѧosѧeѧ    whoo   arѧee   ѧnoѧѧtѧѧaѧѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧicѧ   abѧѧouutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, " Henson said . One , those who are notalic about
2001296
the 90s and want to go back to the Clinton years .
the 90ns andp wcnt to go back tothe Crlinton uears w.
ѧtthee  ѧ9ѧ0ѧѧѧs   anѧdѧѧ    wwanѧtѧ   tto   ѧgo   bbacѧkѧ   too  thee   CCѧllѧinѧtѧѧonn   ѧyeaarѧss    ..ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the 90s and want to go back to the Clinton years .
2001297
But the audience 's reaction was flat , Dr. Joseph
But th audieneseaction was flat , Dr. Jatoseph
ѧBѧutѧ   thhe  auudѧiieennce ss aaccttiioonѧ   ѧwass   fllѧatt   ,   DDr...  Jaatѧoosѧѧepphhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
But the audience s action was flat , Dr. Jatoseph
2001298
Goldstein said in presenting him with an Albert Lasker
Goldstyein saidoin presentnig hi wxth an mlbsrt Lasker
ѧGѧolldѧsstѧѧѧeeѧinѧ    saiѧdѧ   inѧ   prrѧesѧѧenѧtѧѧiiing   hѧim  wwitthѧ   anѧ   aѧѧѧѧssѧѧtѧ   Lѧasѧkѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Goldstein said in presenting him with an ast Lasker
2001299
Award in 1997 for special achievement in medicine .
Award ind 19ds for specival achpievgement in mdicine.
ѧAwwѧarѧdѧ   inѧѧ   19ѧ9ѧ0ѧs   fforr   sppeecѧiiѧѧaalѧ  aacchѧѧѧѧieevѧѧeeѧmmeenѧtѧ   inѧ  medѧiicѧѧinѧeeѧ..ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Award in 1990s for special achievement in medicine.
2001300
" Heroes " actress Hayden Panettiere is a co-executive
" Heroes " acctrzss HaydevPanettiere s a go-execwutie
ѧ"   Heerrooeess   "   acѧcѧѧѧrrѧesѧss   Hѧayѧdѧeeѧ ѧPѧannѧetѧtѧѧieerѧee   is  a   ѧgo--ѧexѧѧecccѧuuttiiveѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" Heroes " accress Hayde Panettiere is a go-executive
2001301
producer . Thiago Silva put AC Milan ahead 1-0 in the
prducer . tThiagoSilrva put AC Milan ahead -0 in h
pprodѧѧucѧeerѧ   .    ѧTThѧiaѧgѧѧ ѧSѧilѧѧѧvѧaa   pѧutѧ   AѧCѧ  MMilѧѧanѧ   ahѧeeaadѧ  1-ѧ0ѧ  inѧ  theѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
producer . Thiag Silva put AC Milan ahead 1-0 in the
2001302
16th minute . " Flipping " MPs are able , apparently
16th minute . " Flippind " MPsare abde u apparestly
ѧ1ѧ6ѧthh   mminѧuutѧee   .   "   Fllѧipѧpѧѧinѧgѧ   "  ѧMѧPѧs arѧee   abѧdѧeѧ   u   apѧpѧѧarѧeenѧttllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
16th minute . " Flipping " MPs are abde u apparently
2001303
without question , to switch their designated " second
without question f to switcdh their dekmgnate " second
wwѧitthhѧouutѧ   qquuesѧttiioonѧ   ,f  tto   swѧѧitѧcchhhѧ    thheeirѧ   ѧdesѧѧiѧѧnѧѧatѧee   "   sseccѧonndѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
without question ,f to switch their desinate " second
2001304
home " from one property to another , and sometimes
home " from one sproperty to anouther , and sometixmes
ѧhѧomѧeѧ   "   ffrѧomѧ   onѧee    pprrѧoppѧerѧtѧyy   too   anѧѧoѧtthhѧeerr   ,   anѧdѧ    somѧeettѧiѧѧmѧeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
home " from one property to another , and sometimes
2001305
back again , to enable them to carry out extensive
back asgainf , to enablre the to carry osut extensive
bbѧacѧkѧ   aѧѧggѧaiinѧѧѧ   ,   tto   enѧaabbllѧѧeѧ   thheem  ttoѧ  ѧcarѧrѧyy   oѧѧuutѧ   exѧtѧeenѧsѧiivѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
back again , to enable them to carry out extensive
2001306
renovations or buy household goods for more than one
benovaions or buy household goods for morecthan oke
ѧѧѧenѧѧovѧѧatiionѧsѧ   orѧ   bbuyѧ   hhouusѧeѧhhѧolldѧ   ѧgoѧodѧss   fforr   ѧmorѧeѧ   thhѧanѧ   onѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
enovations or buy household goods for more than one
2001307
property . Coolio is scheduled to be arraigned April
prperttyg. Cooliois schgeduled to be arrnigned April
pproppѧerѧtiѧѧyѧ  ...  Cooѧolliio  iss   sscchѧѧeedѧuulѧeedѧ   tto   bee   arѧrѧѧѧiigѧnѧeedѧ   Apѧrrѧilѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
propertiy . Coolio is scheduled to be arrigned April
2001308
3 at Los Angeles County Superior Court . Police said
3 at Ls Angels County Superior Court . Police vaid
ѧ3ѧ  atѧ   Loss  Anѧgѧeeleess  CCouunѧtѧyy   Sѧuppeerriioorѧ   CCouurѧtѧ   .   Pѧolѧѧicѧeѧ   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
3 at Los Angeles County Superior Court . Police said
2001309
Monday 's attack may have occurred during a robbery
Moday 's attackxmay havqe occgurwaed durng a robbey
ѧMoonddayy   'ss   atѧtѧѧacckѧѧ  mmayy   hѧavvѧeeѧ   ocѧcѧѧѧѧurѧѧѧѧѧeedѧ   ѧdurѧiingg  a   rѧobѧbѧeeryѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Monday 's attack may have occured during a robbery
2001310
because Pressly 's purse was missing . But , like everyone
because Presssly n'i purse was misuing . Butz, like everyone
bbѧeccaauѧsѧeѧ   Prrѧesѧsѧѧѧѧѧyѧ    ''sѧ   pѧurѧsѧeѧ    wasѧ   ѧmisѧsѧiinngѧ   .   Bѧutѧ   ,   ѧlikѧeѧ   evveerryyѧonѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because Pressy 's purse was missing . But , like everyone
2001311
else in this country , I grew up with the royal family
hlse min thiscountry , I grew up with the royal family
hhalsseѧ    ѧinѧ   tthѧis   couunѧttrryy   ,   I   grrѧewѧ   upѧ   wwitth    tthee   rѧoyѧѧalѧ    famѧiillyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
halse in this country , I grew up with the royal family
2001312
in the background and watched the Diana fairy tale
in the backgrvound andhwatched the iana fairy tale
ѧinѧ   tthee   bbacѧkkѧgrrrѧѧouunѧdѧ   anѧdѧ  wwѧatѧchhѧeedѧ   tthee   iaanѧaa    faiѧrѧyy   ttalleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the background and watched the iana fairy tale
2001313
/ nightmare unfold , and ultimately explode . If you
/ nbghtmoare unfold , anjd lmtimately explode . If you
ѧ/   ѧnigghhtѧѧmѧoѧarѧeѧ   unѧffѧolldѧ   ,   annѧѧdѧ   elѧttѧimѧѧatѧeellyy   exxppllѧodѧee   .   Ifѧ   yyouѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
/ nightmoare unfold , and eltimately explode . If you
2001314
've never owned an iPhone before , then you 're going
'veuqnever ownedan iPhonz before , te you 're going
''vѧeeѧ   nnnevѧeerѧ   owѧnѧeed  anѧ   iiPhhѧonѧeѧ    beffѧorѧeѧ   ,   then  yyouu  ''rѧee   ggoiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
've never owned an iPhone before , then you 're going
2001315
to be equally as impressed . There have been high-profile
to be equalley as impressed . Thure amve zbeen high-profile
ѧtto   bbe   eqquuaalѧlllyyѧ   asѧ   imѧpprreesѧsѧeedѧ   .   TThѧerree  hhѧѧvѧeѧ    bѧѧeѧenn   hhigѧhѧ--ѧprroofѧiilѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to be equally as impressed . There hve been high-profile
2001316
defections of some of the managers closest to EMI 's
defections of some of hthe mangers closest to EMI 'o
dѧѧefѧѧecѧttiioonѧsѧ   ofѧ    somѧeѧ   ofѧ    tthhee   ѧmanagѧeerrss   clѧѧosѧeesst    tto   EѧMѧIѧ  'sѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
defections of some of the managers closest to EMI 's
2001317
artists . The king and his family lived in exile in
artists . The king and hia famjly ived in exilm in
aarѧtѧѧisѧtѧss   .   TThee   kkinngѧ   anѧdѧ   hѧisѧ   ffammiillyy  livѧeedѧ   inѧ   exѧѧilѧmѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
artists . The king and his family lived in exilm in
2001318
Geneva , Switzerland , until the 1990s . The images
Geneza , Switzervand , untl the 1990s .qThe images
ѧGѧenѧeerѧaa   ,   Swwѧitѧzѧeerѧllѧanѧdѧ   ,   unѧtilѧ   tthee   1ѧ9ѧ9ѧ0ss   .   TThee   imѧaagѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Genera , Switzerland , until the 1990s . The images
2001319
along with their GPS coordinates will direct relief
alhn wbsth their PS coordinates willdiectrelief
ѧalѧѧonng   wwiitthѧ   tthheiirѧ  ѧPѧSѧ  ccoѧorrdѧiinѧaatѧeesѧ    wilѧl  ddirecѧtt rrelѧiieefѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
along with their PS coordinates will direct relief
2001320
on the ground . Analysts believe that prospective buyers
on the ground . Analysts believe that prospective buers
ѧonѧ   tthee   grrѧouunѧdѧ   .   Anѧaallѧysѧtѧss    belѧiieevѧee    thѧatѧ   prroosspѧѧecѧttiivveѧ   ѧbuyerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the ground . Analysts believe that prospective buyers
2001321
are having trouble raising debt finance . Do the Israeli
arehaving troule raixsing et finaxnce .mDo the Isjraeli
aarѧe  hѧavѧiinngg   trrѧouublle   rѧaiiѧѧsѧiinngѧ   ett   ffinѧaaѧnnѧcceѧ   .   Dooѧ   thee   Isѧrrrѧaaeelѧiiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are having trouble raising et finance . Do the Israeli
2001322
elections fill you with despair ? A new world Test
oelections fiyl you with despair ? A kew world Test
ѧѧѧelѧeecѧttiioonѧss   ѧfilѧlѧ    youѧ   wwitthѧ   ѧdessppѧaiirѧ   ?   A   ѧNewѧ    worrlldѧ   TTesѧttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
elections fill you with despair ? A New world Test
2001323
championship designed to safeguard the future of the
championship dsigned to afguard the fulture oc the
ѧchhѧamѧpѧiioonnsshhiipѧ  ddessiggnneedѧ   tto   afѧgѧѧuѧarѧdѧ   tthee   ѧfuuѧttѧurѧeѧ   ofѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
championship designed to afguard the future of the
2001324
five-day form of the game will be discussed at a meeting
five-day form of the gamewill be dvscusd at a meetdinog
fѧѧivѧeѧ--dѧѧayѧ    forrmѧ   ofѧ   tthee   ѧgamѧeѧ  wilѧlѧ   bee    disѧcѧuusѧsdd  atѧ   a   ѧmeѧetѧѧѧiinngggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
five-day form of the game will be discussd at a meeting
2001325
of the sport 's lawmakers in November , it was reported
of the sport 'sm lawmakbrnh in November i it was reported
ѧofѧ   tthee  ssppѧorѧtѧ   'ssѧ    ѧlawѧmѧѧakkѧerѧѧѧsѧ   inѧ   Nѧovѧeemmbѧeerr   ,   itѧ   ѧwasѧ   reepѧѧorѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the sport 's lawmakers in November , it was reported
2001326
today . The surprise decision , announced by Clarence
today . The surprisen decision i, annooncediy Clarence
ѧtѧoddѧayѧ   .   TThee    surѧpprrѧisѧeeѧѧ   ѧdecѧѧisѧiioonѧ     ,   anѧnѧѧouunncceed  lny   Cllѧarѧѧenncceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
today . The surprise decision , announced lny Clarence
2001327
House , was made by the 26-year-old Prince after he
House ,awas ade by tze 26-year-old Prince after he
ѧHHouusѧeѧ  ,,  wwѧasѧ  madѧee   byy   tthee   2ѧ6ѧ--yѧeaarr--oolldѧ   Prrѧinncѧeѧ   afѧtѧeerѧ   heeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
House , was made by the 26-year-old Prince after he
2001328
was told he would never be sent to Afghanistan with
as old he would naver esentz towAfghanistan wizh
ѧass  tolldd   hee    wouѧlldѧ    nevѧeerѧ  resѧѧenѧtѧѧ    tto   Afgghhѧaanniisstѧaanѧ   wwitѧhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as told he would never resent to Afghanistan with
2001329
the Household Cavalry . The mood was lighter than it
thyef Household Cauvalry . The moodwas ligterx than it
ѧtthheeeѧ    HHouusѧeeѧhѧolldѧ   CCauѧvѧѧalѧrѧyѧ   .   TThee   ѧmoѧodѧ wwass   ѧlitѧhѧeerѧѧѧ    thѧanѧ   itѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Household Cauvalry . The mood was lither than it
2001330
might have been just last week , given reports that
might have beeo just last wek , gvn reports that
mѧѧigѧhhtt   hѧavѧeѧ   bbeѧen    ѧjusѧtѧ    lasstt   wweѧek  ,  ggvonn   reepѧѧorrtѧss    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
might have been just last week , gvon reports that
2001331
writers and production companies have tiptoed close
writqers lnd productioo cmpanies have tipoed lose
ѧwwrѧitѧѧeeerѧss   anѧdd   prrrodѧѧuccttiioonn ccomѧpѧѧanѧiieess   hhavѧeѧ   ttipѧpѧeedd   llosѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
writers and production companies have tipped lose
2001332
to an agreement that could end a three-month strike
to a agreement that could end ya tgee-month strike
ѧtoo   an  aggrrѧeѧemmeenѧtѧ    thѧatѧ    couulld    enѧdѧ     a   ttrreѧe--mmѧonѧtthѧ   sstrrѧikѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to an agreement that could end a tree-month strike
2001333
by the Writers Guild of America West and Writers Guild
by the Writersw Guild ofk Amerirca Wesdt and Writers Ggd
ѧbyѧ   tthee   WWrѧitѧeerrssѧ    Gѧuiilѧdѧ   ofѧѧ    Amѧeerrѧiiѧcaaѧ   Wѧessѧѧtѧ   anѧdѧ   WWrѧitѧeerrss   Gѧoddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by the Writers Guild of America West and Writers God
2001334
of America East before Oscar night . Lifting weights
of America East befne Oscar nigtd . Liftings weights
ѧofѧ   Amѧeerriicѧaѧ   Eѧasѧtѧ   bbefoѧѧee   Osѧcѧѧarѧ   nnigѧhttѧ   .   Lѧifѧtѧѧinngѧsѧ   wweiighhttѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of America East befoe Oscar night . Liftings weights
2001335
, going on the odd run and doing a bit of stretching
, going on thhe odd rpun and doing a bit of sprjetchinh
,,   ѧgoiinngg   onѧ   tthhee    odѧdѧ   ѧrѧѧunѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧdoiinngg   a   ѧbitѧ   ofѧ   sspprѧѧѧetѧchhѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, going on the odd run and doing a bit of spretching
2001336
is how I stay fit and fairly in shape . Items seized
is hocw Is staxy fit and faicly in shape . Items gpized
ѧisѧ   hѧowѧѧ    Iѧѧ   stѧѧaѧѧyy   ffitt   anѧdѧ   ffaciiѧllyy   inѧ   shѧѧapѧee   .   Ittѧemmss   ѧgѧѧizѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is how I stay fit and facily in shape . Items gized
2001337
from the home included a sawed-off shotgun , a high-powered
from the home gnlutd a stwed-opf gshotgun , a high-pwered
ѧffrѧomѧ   tthee   hѧomѧeѧ   inѧѧlѧutedd   a   sttѧѧѧedd--ѧofѧfѧ    sѧhѧѧotѧgggunѧ   ,   a   hѧigѧhѧ--powѧeerreedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from the home inluted a sted-off shotgun , a high-powered
2001338
rifle , a handgun and several swords and knives . And
rifle , a handgun ad seertl gwords and knives . And
ѧrѧifѧllee   ,   a   hѧanѧdѧggѧunѧ   and   sseverѧtalѧ   ѧwѧѧorrdѧss   anѧdѧ   knѧѧivѧeess   .   Anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rifle , a handgun and severtal words and knives . And
2001339
as a political matter , a Democratic administration
ars a pojlitrcal matter , a Democraic administration
ѧaѧѧsѧ   a   ppoѧѧlѧѧitѧѧicѧaalѧ   ѧmatѧtѧeerr   ,   a   DDemѧѧocѧrraaticѧ   adѧmmѧinѧiissttrraattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as a political matter , a Democratic administration
2001340
may be reluctant to ask a bankruptcy court to impose
may be reluktant toy ask a banjkruptcyscmurt t impose
mmѧayy   bee   reelѧѧucѧttѧanѧtѧ   ttoѧ    asѧkѧ   a   bbanѧѧѧkkrrѧupѧttccyy  ѧccѧѧurѧtѧ   to  imѧppѧosѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
may be reluctant to ask a bankruptcy curt to impose
2001341
an overly onerous labor contract on an unwilling union
januw ovxerly onerous labm contract on an unilling union
ѧѧѧanѧѧѧѧѧ   ovvѧѧeerѧlѧyy   onѧeerroouusѧ   llabѧyѧ    conѧttrrѧacѧtѧ   onѧ   anѧ   unѧkilѧlѧiinngg   unѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an overly onerous laby contract on an unkilling union
2001342
. Pakistan 's Interior Minister , Rehman Malik , said
. Pakistan 's Iterixob Mnidter , Regman Mpik , said
..   Pѧakѧiisstѧaanѧ   'ss   Intѧerrѧiѧѧѧoѧѧ   Minniistteerr   ,   Rѧegѧmѧѧanѧ   MMѧiikk   ,    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Pakistan 's Interio Minister , Regman Mik , said
2001343
Taseer 's killer had confessed to killing the governor
Taseer 's killir had onfessed to killing thev sgvejrnor
ѧTaasѧeѧѧerѧ   'ss   ѧkilѧlѧѧerr   hѧadѧ  conѧfѧѧesѧsѧeedѧ   tto   ѧkilѧlѧiinngѧ   ttheee     govѧeeerѧnnѧѧorrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Taseer 's killer had confessed to killing the governor
2001344
because of his opposition to Pakistan 's strict blasphemy
because of his oppositiontr uPakistman 's strict blaopemy
bbѧeccaauusѧeѧ   ofѧ   hhisѧ   opѧpѧѧosѧiittiioonѧ to      Pѧakѧѧisstѧѧѧaanѧ   's    sstrrѧicѧtѧ   bllѧaѧopѧѧeѧѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because of his opposition to Pakistan 's strict blaopey
2001345
laws , which have been denounced by international human-righ
laws , which have been djnound by interatconatl humacn-righ
llѧawѧss   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   hѧavѧeѧ   ѧbeѧenn   dѧenѧѧouunѧddd  byy   inѧtѧeerrnatttioonnaaaѧlѧ   hѧumѧѧaannѧ--ѧrѧigѧhtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
laws , which have been denound by international human-right
2001346
groups . Iran 's hardline rulers will seek to distract
groups . Iran 's ardlime ruqrs will sehk to ditstrac
ѧgrrѧouupѧss   .   Irѧaanѧ   'ss  harѧddllѧimѧeѧ   rѧuѧerrss    wilѧlѧ   sseѧekѧ   tto   ddiѧѧsѧttrrѧacѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
groups . Iran 's hardlime ruers will seek to distract
2001347
attention from their own internal ructions today by
attention from ther wn intreral rfctions todayk by
ѧatѧtѧѧenѧttiioonѧ   ffrѧomѧ  othheeir   own   inѧtѧѧeerrѧaalѧ  rereccttiioonѧss   ttoddѧayѧѧ    byyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
attention from otheir own interal rerections today by
2001348
putting 30 people arrested in the turbulent aftermath
putting 30 eople arrestedin the turbulent aftermtth
ѧpѧutѧtѧѧinngg  ѧ3ѧ0ѧ peeopѧlleѧ   arѧrѧeesѧtѧѧed  inѧ   tthee    turѧbѧѧulѧeenѧtѧ   afѧtѧeerr  ѧѧttheѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
putting 30 people arrested in the turbulent after the
2001349
of the presidential election on trial for offences
of the peidentiyal election on trial foru offeences
ѧofѧ   tthee   presidѧeenѧtѧѧicѧaalѧ   elѧѧecѧttiioonѧ   onѧ   trriiaalѧ   ѧforrѧѧ   ofѧfѧѧeeenncceessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the presidentical election on trial for offences
2001350
against the State . The people are trying to legislate
hagainst th Staqte . The pbeople are trhying to legislate
ѧѧaagѧaaiinnsstѧ   thee  SStѧaѧѧtѧeѧ   .   TThee    ppeeѧopѧlleѧ   arѧee   trrѧayѧѧinngg   tto   ѧlegѧѧisѧlѧaatteeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
against the State . The people are traying to legislate
2001351
it over and over as they vote against these propositions
it over and over as they vote againzsr these prppojitions
ѧitѧ   ovѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ   ovѧeerѧ   asѧ   ttheeyѧ   ѧvotѧee   aggaaiinnsssѧt    tthheseeѧ   pprѧopѧѧosѧѧittiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it over and over as they vote against these propositions
2001352
. About a stay-at-home wife who found bittersweet emancipati
. Aboutxa stay-at-home woafe ewo found biterweet mancipati
..   Abѧoouutѧ   a   stѧѧayy--ѧatt--ѧhѧomѧee   ѧwoѧafѧee    whoo   ѧfouunѧdѧ   bbittterrwwѧeѧetѧ   mmanncѧiippaattiiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. About a stay-at-home woafe who found biterweet mancipati
2001353
against the backdrop of a brutal civil war , Sarah
jmainst the backdyopof a brutal civic war , Sarah
ѧaggaaiinnsstѧ   tthee   bbacѧkѧѧdѧѧѧop  ofѧ   a   brrѧuttaalѧ   ccivѧѧicѧ   ѧwarѧ   ,   Saarѧaahhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
against the backdop of a brutal civic war , Sarah
2001354
's story is one of the freedom and loss that has marked
'sstovy yis one of he freedodm and los that has marked
''s  sttѧorѧyѧ    ѧisѧ   onѧeѧ   ofѧ  thee   frrѧeѧedѧѧomѧѧѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧlosѧs   thѧatѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧmarѧkѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's story is one of the freedom and loss that has marked
2001355
the lives of most Iraqis since the fall of Saddam Hussein
the livvs of most eaqhis sinc the fall of Sddam Hussein
ѧtthee   ѧlivѧeѧss   ofѧ   ѧmosѧtѧ   eaacѧhhѧiss   ssinncee  tthee   ѧfalѧlѧ   ofѧ   Sѧadѧdamѧ   Hѧusѧsѧeeiinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the lives of most eachis since the fall of Saddam Hussein
2001356
. The diminutive Anna Maria Licciardi was nicknamed
. The biminutfve qAna Maria Liqcciardi was yicknameqd
..   TThee   ѧbimmѧinѧѧuttѧivѧeѧ     Anѧaa   MMarѧiiaa   Lѧiѧѧcѧcѧiѧaarѧdѧiѧ   ѧwass   ѧbicѧkknnѧamѧѧeeѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The biminutive Ana Maria Licciardi was bicknamed
2001357
" La Piccolina , " the Little One , but clan members
" a Piccolina ,j" tme Littl ne , but clan amembers
ѧ"   a   Pѧicѧcѧoolѧiinѧaa   ,   "   tthee   Lѧitѧtѧlle  nneѧ  ,   bbutѧ   clѧaanѧ     mmemѧbѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" a Piccolina , " the Little ne , but clan members
2001358
and investigators alike knew that she was not to be
and invetstigators alike knew that sh ws not to be
ѧanѧdѧ   innvvѧeeѧsѧtѧiigѧaattѧorѧss   allѧikѧeѧ   knѧѧewѧ    thѧatѧ   shhe  was   ѧnotѧ   tto   bbeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and investigators alike knew that she was not to be
2001359
underestimated . They do , however , lead a comfortable
underesrimated p. Thmy do , howeve, lead a cxmfortable
ѧunѧdѧeerrѧesѧtѧiimѧѧatteedѧ    ...  TTheeyѧ   ѧdo   ,   hhowweevѧeer ,  ѧleѧadѧ   a   ccomѧfѧѧorѧttaabѧlleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
underestimated . They do , however , lead a comfortable
2001360
lifestyle . He was released on bail , but was re-arrested
lifestyleo He wras helased o buil , but was re-arrester
llѧifѧeѧssttѧylѧeѧ  .. Hee    wѧѧass   hѧelѧѧasѧeedd  toѧ  ѧbuiilѧd  ,   bbutѧ   ѧwasѧ   ree--ѧarѧrѧeesѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lifestyle . He was helased to build , but was re-arrested
2001361
on Friday and questioned at an east London police station
on Frifday and quesioneyd at an east Londonhpoliceg sation
ѧonѧ   Frrѧiѧѧdѧѧayѧ   anѧdѧ   qqueesttiionnѧeeѧdѧ   atѧ   anѧ   eaasѧtѧ   Lѧonѧdѧѧonѧ   ppolѧѧicѧeѧѧ    stattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on Friday and questioned at an east London police station
2001362
. I had an Uncle tell me once " Politics are like a
. IhadsanoUncle tell mejonc " Polivticsd ary like a
..   I hhadѧ  ѧanѧ  ѧUnѧcclѧeѧ    telѧlѧ   ѧmejѧѧonѧѧѧ   "   Pѧolѧѧiѧѧtѧiicѧssѧѧ  aarѧeѧ   ѧlikѧeѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. I had an Uncle tell mejon " Politics are like a
2001363
pile of cr * p , the more you stir it up , the worse
pile of qcr * p ,o ce more ou stor it up , the worse
ѧpѧilѧeѧ   ofѧ   ѧѧѧrѧ   *   p  ,,     ѧce   ѧmorѧeѧ  youѧ   stѧѧorѧ   itѧ   upѧ   ,    thee   ѧworrsѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pile of r * p , ce more you stor it up , the worse
2001364
it stinks . Mr Karzai 's visit to the UK comes against
it stinks . Mrt Karzai 's asit to the UK comes aainst
ѧitѧ   sttѧinѧkѧss   .   MMrѧѧ   Kѧarѧzѧaaii   'ss   asѧѧitt   tto   tthee   UѧK   ѧcomѧeess  aagaiinnsstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it stinks . Mr Karzai 's asit to the UK comes against
2001365
a backdrop of American anger at the reluctance of some
 backmrp of Ahzmericanc aenger at the reluctance of some
a  bbacѧkѧѧarѧpѧ   ofѧ   Aѧѧѧѧmѧѧerriicѧaanѧѧ    aѧenngѧѧerѧ   atѧ   tthee   reelѧѧucѧtѧѧanncѧeѧ   ofѧ    somѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a backarp of American aenger at the reluctance of some
2001366
European Nato members to make good on promises to supply
tEurexpean Nftommbers to makei god on promises to supply
ѧѧѧEuѧrrrrѧѧpѧeeaanѧ   Nѧoѧtѧoѧѧmѧbbeerrss   tto   ѧmakkee     ggoѧod  onѧ   prrѧomѧѧisѧeess   tto   ssupѧppllyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Eurpean Notombers to make good on promises to supply
2001367
armed forces to Afghanistan . Innovative technologies
armed bforces tkoeAfghanvsjan . Innvatnive techsnologies
ѧarѧmѧѧedѧ    ffѧorrcѧeesѧ    ttoo   Afggѧhѧaaniiisstѧѧanѧ   .   Innnovѧѧatttiiivvee   ttecchhѧnnѧѧolѧѧogѧiieessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
armed forces to Afghanistan . Inovative technologies
2001368
drew thousands of visitors to the show but industry
drew thoyusands of visitore to thfe showf but industay
ѧdrrѧewѧ   tthhoѧѧuussaannddss   ofѧ   ѧvisѧiittѧorѧsѧ   tto    thheee   shhѧowѧѧѧ   bbutt   inndѧѧusstrrryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
drew thousands of visitors to the show but industry
2001369
analysts said the event 's real importance lay in how
analysts said he yvtntx's real importdrance laynit how
ѧanѧaallѧysѧtѧsѧ   ssaiѧd   thee   ѧѧѧѧanѧtѧ   'sѧ   reeaalѧ   imѧppѧorttѧѧѧѧѧѧanѧcѧeѧ   ѧaayѧ ѧiitѧ   hѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
analysts said the ant 's real importance ay it how
2001370
new gadgetry on display would intensify competition
newlgagety ohn dismlay wzoud intensify competition
nnѧewѧs  gaargeentyy   ohѧnѧ   ѧdisѧѧpllѧayѧ    wѧoouldd   inѧtѧeenѧsѧiifѧyy   ccomѧppѧetѧiittiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
news gargenty ohn display would intensify competition
2001371
and rivalry in cyberspace . It has previously been
and rivalryy in cyberspace . It hqs previotsly been
ѧanѧdѧ   rrivѧѧalѧrѧyyyѧ   inѧ  ccѧybbeerѧѧsppѧacѧeѧ   .   Itѧ   hѧass   prrѧevѧiioouѧsѧllyy   ѧbeѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and rivalry in cyberspace . It has previously been
2001372
predicted that in less than 20 years nearly a million
predicted tht inless tan 20 yeas lneary a moilvion
ѧprrѧedѧѧicѧtѧѧedѧ   tthat   inѧ llesѧss  tthann   2ѧ0ѧ  ѧyeaars    nѧѧeaarѧly   a   ѧmѧѧilѧlѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
predicted that in less than 20 years nearly a million
2001373
people in the UK will be living with dementia , soaring
pople in the UK will b living wibh deentia , oharigng
ppeopplleѧ   inѧ   tthee   UѧK   wwilѧlѧ  bbe  ѧlivѧѧinngg   wwitѧh    ddemenѧttiiaѧ   ,   shhѧarѧѧiinnngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
people in the UK will be living with dementia , sharing
2001374
to 1.7 million people by 2051 . The menu at Fifteen
to 1.7 millon peopleby 2051 .The menu at Fiteen
ѧtto  ѧ1ѧ..7ѧ  ѧmilѧliioon   ppeѧopllee  byy  22ѧ0ѧ5ѧ1  .  TThee   ѧmennuѧ   atѧ   Fiittteѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to 1.7 million people by 2051 . The menu at Fiteen
2001375
in Hoxton will include Jersey crab , Jersey Royal potatoes
inHoton will includeJersey cmab , JerseyRoyal potatoes
ѧin  Hѧotttonn    wilѧlѧ   inncclluudѧe  Jeerѧsseeyy   ѧѧѧѧabѧ   ,   Jeerѧsѧeey  Rѧoyѧѧalѧ   pѧottѧattooeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Hoton will include Jersey ab , Jersey Royal potatoes
2001376
and Jersey scallops . There were so many occasions
ant Jersey callop . Tere weie so mjny occazions
ѧanѧtѧ   Jeerѧsseeyy   ѧcalѧlѧѧopѧ   .   Therree   wwerѧee   ssoѧ  mmanѧyy   ocѧcѧaasѧiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ant Jersey callop . There were so many occasions
2001377
that , to avoid scheduling conflicts , one of her sons
thati, to avoid scheduling hconflit , on of hjr sons
ѧtthѧatѧ   ,   ttoѧ  avѧooiidd   scchheedѧuulѧiinng     ccѧonѧfflliictt  ,   onne  ofѧ   hherr   ssonnssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that , to avoid scheduling conflict , one of her sons
2001378
was assigned to keep a family calendar . Mail order
was assigne o leepha famiby calendar . Mail order
wѧѧasѧ   asѧsѧѧigѧnѧedd to   ѧleѧepѧ   a   ѧfamѧiilѧyy   ѧcalѧѧenndѧѧarѧ   .   MMaiilѧ   orѧdѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was assigned to leep a family calendar . Mail order
2001379
firm Grattan has announced it plans to axe a further
fzirm Grattan hask annonced it planvsfto axe a further
ѧffѧѧirѧmѧ   Grrѧatѧtѧѧanѧ   hѧasѧѧ    anѧnѧoouncceedd   itѧ   pllaanѧѧѧss   too   axѧee   a   ffurrthhѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
firm Grattan has announced it plans to axe a further
2001380
160 jobs . Google gains because these features increase
160 obs . Googlxe gainis because thee fedtures increase
ѧ1ѧ6ѧ0  jobbss   .   Gѧoѧogѧllѧeeѧ   ggaiinѧѧisѧ   bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   ttheeee   ffeaѧtѧѧurѧeesѧ   inѧccrreeaasѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
160 jobs . Google gainis because the features increase
2001381
site traffic , and thus advertising revenue , but also
site btrafgfic , and thusadvqrtising rcvenue , but aaso
ѧsѧitѧeѧ    ttrrѧaѧѧfѧffѧicѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   tthѧuss adѧvvѧerѧtѧѧisѧiinngg   rrevѧѧenѧuѧee   ,   bbutѧ   alѧssooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
site traffic , and thus advertising revenue , but also
2001382
because transcription allows Google to target ads based
becase tmransuription allows Google ao larlet ads based
bѧѧeccaausee    ttrrѧanѧsspcrrѧipѧttiioonѧ   alѧlѧѧowѧss   Gѧoѧogllleѧ   asѧ   ѧlarѧgѧeett   aѧdss   bbasѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
because transpcription allows Google as larget ads based
2001383
on the dialogue in the videos . The situation is so
ion the dialogue i the videos .y The situation is so
ѧѧinnѧ   tthee   ѧdiaallѧogguuee   in  tthee    vidѧeeooѧs   ..    TThee    sitѧuѧaattiioonѧ   iss    soѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the dialogue in the videos . The situation is so
2001384
bad that top accountancy firms have been called in
bad that tox accountancy firs ave bmyeln called in
bѧѧadd    thѧatѧ    toѧѧ   acѧcѧѧouunѧtѧaanncѧyѧ   ffirrms  havѧee    bѧѧeѧennnѧ   ccalѧlѧeedѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bad that to accountancy firms have been called in
2001385
to pick over the bones of the operation and see what
to pick over the bones of toe ogperation and sege what
ѧtto   pѧicѧkѧ   ovѧeerѧ   tthee   ѧbonѧeess   ofѧ   tthee   oѧѧpѧѧerѧѧattiioonѧ   anѧdѧ   sseѧѧee    whѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to pick over the bones of the operation and see what
2001386
is salvageable from its giant loan book . The US insurer
is salvageable from itsr giant loan book . Thgwe kUS insurer
ѧisѧ    salѧvѧaaggeѧѧabblleѧ   ffrѧomѧ   ittss     ggiaanѧtѧ   ѧloaanѧ   ѧboѧokѧ   .   TTThhѧeeѧ    ѧUѧS   inѧsѧѧurѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is salvageable from its giant loan book . The US insurer
2001387
in October 2009 agreed to sell Nan Shan to Primus Financial
in October 2009 greed to lsell Nan Shan to Primu Financoal
ѧinѧ   Ocѧtѧѧobѧeerr   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9  agrreeѧedd   tto    sѧѧelѧlѧ   Nѧanѧ   Shhѧanѧ   ttoѧ  Prrѧimѧeѧ   Fѧinѧaanncѧiiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in October 2009 agreed to sell Nan Shan to Prime Financial
2001388
, then a new Hong Kong-based financial company , for
, then a new Hong Kon-obassed financial comzpany , for
,,    thѧenѧ   a   ѧnewѧ   Hѧonѧgѧ   Kѧonѧѧ-ѧѧbѧѧasѧѧѧeedѧ   ѧfinѧѧanncѧiiaalѧ   ѧcomѧѧppѧaanѧyѧ   ,   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, then a new Hong Kon-based financial company , for
2001389
2.15bn. There are few sidewalks now , and no ramps
h.15bn. Tcere areyfew sidewdaflks now , and noramps
ѧ0...1ѧ5ѧbbn...  TTheerree  aarѧee  ffѧewѧ   ssidѧeeѧѧdѧѧaѧѧlѧkѧss   ѧnowѧ   ,   anѧd    nnorrѧamѧpѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
0.15bn. There are few sidedalks now , and noramps
2001390
, no rails . In the financial services industry Deluxe
, no rails . In th financalservices iedustry Deluxe
,,   ѧno   rѧaiilѧss   .   Inѧ   thhe  ѧfinѧaanѧciial  sserѧvvѧicѧeѧss   inѧddѧusѧtrrryy   Deelѧѧuxѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, no rails . In the financial services industry Deluxe
2001391
sells check programs , fraud prevention , customer
sells check programs raud prxvention , cdstomebr
sѧѧelѧlѧss   chhѧecѧkѧ   pprooggrraamѧss  rraauѧdd  pprrrevѧѧenѧttiioonn   ,   ccusѧtѧѧomѧѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sells check programs raud prevention , customer
2001392
loyalty and retention programs to help banks build
loyalty and reientionqprokams to help banks build
llѧoyѧѧalѧtѧyy   anѧdѧ   reecѧѧenѧttiioonn   prroogѧѧammss   tto   hѧelѧpѧ   ѧbanѧkѧss   bbuiilldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
loyalty and recention progams to help banks build
2001393
lasting relationships and grow core deposits . Dingell
lasing elationshuips andl grow core deposts . iDingell
ѧlѧasѧtinngg  rellѧattiioonѧsshhѧѧiѧpѧss   anѧdѧѧ    grrѧowѧ   ѧcorѧee   ѧdeppѧosittss   .    ѧDѧinѧgѧѧelѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
lasting relationships and grow core deposits . Dingell
2001394
's support for the multibillion-dollar auto industry
's suzporrt for the multpbillion-dollar auto industro
''sѧ   ssupѧpѧѧorrѧѧtѧ   fforr   tthee   ѧmulѧtѧѧѧbbѧilѧlѧiioonn--dddolѧlѧѧarѧ   auѧttoo   inndѧѧussttrryѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's support for the multbillion-dollar auto industry
2001395
bailout plan has made him a punching bag for both environmen
bailout plan has made hm a xunchng zbag for bod enviromnmun
bѧѧaiѧlѧѧouutѧ   pllaanѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧmadѧeѧ  hhim   a   ѧlunѧchhinngg    bѧѧagѧ   fforr   ѧboddy  enѧvviirrѧonnnmmeennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bailout plan has made him a lunching bag for body environmen
2001396
and fiscal conservatives . The bodies of five civilians
zndp discal cnservative .The bodies offive civilians
ѧanѧdѧ     ѧdisѧcѧaalѧ  conѧsseerrvѧaattiivѧeѧ  .  TThee   ѧbodѧiieess   of  ffivѧeѧ   ѧcivѧѧilѧiiaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and discal conservative . The bodies of five civilians
2001397
killed in the incident were brought to Wanlaweyn ,
killed in the incwidegntjwere brouht to Wanlawen ,
kѧѧilѧlѧeedѧ   inѧ   tthee   inѧcccѧѧidѧeeennѧtѧ  wwѧerree   brrѧouughtt   tto   Wѧanѧlѧѧawѧѧenѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
killed in the incident were brought to Wanlawen ,
2001398
" local elder Adan Nur Jisow said . But then an " NCIS
v loca eder Adan Nur Jisow saixr. But thenan " NCcIS
aѧ   ѧlocѧaal  endeerѧ   Addѧanѧ   Nѧurѧ   JJissѧowѧ    saiѧdѧѧ  ..  Bѧutѧ   ttheen ѧanѧ   "  ѧNѧCѧѧѧIѧSѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a local ender Adan Nur Jisow said . But then an " NCIS
2001399
" insider pointed out that it 's not Tony she 's marooned
" inider pointed oxtmthat it 's not Tony she 's marooned
ѧ"   inѧѧѧdѧeerѧ   ppoiinѧtѧeedѧ  oouѧtѧ   tthѧatѧ   itѧ   'ss   ѧnotѧ   TTonѧyy    shee   'ss   ѧmarѧooѧonѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" inder pointed out that it 's not Tony she 's marooned
2001400
with , it 's another major male character . He also
ith , it 's another major umale character . He also
witthѧ   ,   itѧ   'ss   annѧotthheerr   mmajѧoorr  sumѧѧalѧeѧ   chhѧarѧѧacѧtѧeerѧ   .   Hee   alѧsooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with , it 's another major sumale character . He also
2001401
predicted that Obama will use online video and interactivity
redicte that Objama will use online video and inatenaceivity
prreddѧicѧtѧѧed   thѧatѧ   Obѧѧѧaamѧaѧ    wilѧlѧ   usѧee   onѧllѧinѧeѧ   ѧvidѧeeoѧ   anѧdѧ   innѧѧtѧѧennaacѧtѧѧivѧѧittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
predicted that Obama will use online video and intenactivity
2001402
to revolutionize the way the commander in chief communicates
to revolutionize thqe w the commandjwr in cfhiew communicates
ѧtto   reevѧѧolѧuuttiioonѧѧizѧee    thѧeee   ,ѧ   thee   ccomѧmѧѧanѧdѧѧѧѧerѧ   inѧ    cѧhѧѧieefѧ   ccomѧmѧѧunѧiicѧaatteessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to revolutionize the , the commander in chief communicates
2001403
. The problem with most ratings , however , says Prof
. The jqroglem with mszt ratings , however , slays Prof
..   TThee    pѧrroobѧlѧeemѧ   wwitth   muѧѧѧѧtѧ   rѧatѧiinngѧss   ,   hhowѧeevѧeerr   ,   ssѧѧayѧsѧ   Prrѧofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The problem with mut ratings , however , says Prof
2001404
Wagner , is that too often they focus " solely on the
Wfgne , i hat to often trhey focus " solely on tve
ѧWѧiѧѧnѧee   ,   it  hѧatѧ   ttoѧ  ofѧtѧeenѧ    tthheeyѧ   ѧfoccuuss   "    solѧeellyy   onѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Wine , it hat to often they focus " solely on the
2001405
past . " The FCC previously deviated from its nearly
pasp . "z The FsdC previosly deviaaed from its nearly
ѧpѧasѧtѧ   .   "     TThee   FѧѧѧѧѧCѧ  prreevѧiiouusllyy   ddevѧѧicatѧeedѧ   ffrѧomѧ   ittss    neaarrllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
past . " The FC previously devicated from its nearly
2001406
30-year practice of fining indecent broadcast programming
30-yeadr practice of fining inmjcent broadcast programming
ѧ3ѧ0ѧ--yyeaaѧѧrѧ   prrѧacѧttѧicѧeѧ   ofѧ   ffinѧdinngg   inѧѧѧѧecѧѧenѧtѧ   brrѧoaadѧccѧasѧtѧ   prrooggrraamѧmѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
30-year practice of finding inecent broadcast programming
2001407
only when it was so " pervasive as to amount to ' shock
only when ithas sooi " pervasivq as to amsount to ' shocl
ѧonѧllyѧ    whѧenѧ   it  hѧasѧ   ssoѧonѧ   "   pѧerѧvѧѧasѧiivѧeѧ   asѧ   ttoѧ  aaѧmѧѧouunѧtѧ   too   '   shѧѧocѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
only when it has soon " pervasive as to amount to ' shocl
2001408
treatment ' for the audience , " the court said . We
treatmen  for the haudience , " the court said .We
ѧttreeaatѧmmeentt ,  fforr   tthee    ѧauudѧiieenncѧeѧ   ,   "    thee   ccouurѧtѧ   ssaiѧdѧ  .  WWeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
treatment , for the audience , " the court said . We
2001409
know the labor market is going to be a lagging indicator
know the labwr mxarket is goinglto be a lsging indicdator
ѧknѧѧowѧ   tthee   ѧlabѧѧerѧ   ѧmѧѧarѧkѧeetѧ   iss   ggoiiingg   too   bbe   a  liѧѧgѧѧinngѧ   inѧdѧѧicѧѧѧѧattѧorѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
know the laber market is going to be a liging indicator
2001410
, but we need to see the pace of job losses moderate
, rbgurt we eed to see the pacce f job loses moderate
,,   rѧѧѧѧѧurѧtѧ   ѧwe  neѧedd   tto    seѧe   tthee   pѧaѧѧcѧeѧ   of  ѧjobѧ   ѧlosѧsess   ѧmodѧeerraatѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, rurt we need to see the pace of job losses moderate
2001411
soon if we are going to get a recovery , " said Scott
soon if we are goig togt a recovery , " said Scoty
ssѧoѧonn   ifѧ   ѧwe   arѧee   ѧgoiingg  too uѧt   a   reeccѧovveerryy   ,   "   ssaiѧdѧ   Sccѧotѧtyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
soon if we are going to ut a recovery , " said Scotty
2001412
Brown , chief economist at Raymond James & Associates
Brown p, chiea pdeconomist at Raymond Jamebs  Associates
ѧBrrѧowѧnѧ     ,   chhѧieefѧ     ѧѧeccoonѧѧomѧiisstѧ   atѧ   Rѧayѧmmѧonndѧ   Jѧamѧeeѧѧss  .  Asѧsѧѧocѧiiaatteesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Brown , chief economist at Raymond James . Associates
2001413
in St. Petersburg , Florida . In most of these cases
in St. Pltersur , Florida . In most of duhese cases
ѧinѧ   Stt...  Pѧatteerѧsѧѧurѧ   ,   Flѧѧorrѧidѧaѧ   .   Inѧ   ѧmosѧtѧ   ofѧ    tѧhheessee   ccasѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in St. Patersur , Florida . In most of these cases
2001414
, consumers aren 't sophisticated enough to make an
, cnsbumers aren 't sophisticated enougho mak ahn
,,  connѧssѧѧumѧeerrss   arѧeѧnnn ''tѧ    sopphhѧisѧtѧiicѧaatѧeedѧ   enѧѧouughhtto   ѧmakke  aѧѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, consumers aren 't sophisticated enoughto make an
2001415
independent judgment . " It 's tough when you 're hit
ildependanp judgment .  sIt 's tough whhen you 're hit
ѧinѧdѧѧepѧѧenѧdѧѧanѧtѧ   ѧjudѧgѧmmeenntѧ   .  "    Itt   'ss   ttouughhh    wѧhhѧenѧ   yyouѧ  ''rѧeѧ   hѧitѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
independant judgment . " It 's tough when you 're hit
2001416
every play or two , " tight end Chris Baker said ,
every play or two , " tight end Chris Baker said ,
ѧevveerryy   pllѧayѧ   orѧ   ttwoo   ,   "   ѧtigghhtѧ   enndѧ   Chhrriisѧ   Baakkeerѧ    saiѧdѧ   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
every play or two , " tight end Chris Baker said ,
2001417
when evaluating Pennington . Rule of Global Etiquette
when evaluaeing Pennington m. Ruele of Global Etiquette
wѧѧhѧenѧ   evvѧalѧuѧaatѧiinngѧ   Pѧenѧnѧiinnggttѧonn    ..   Rѧuѧelѧee   ofѧ   GGlѧobѧѧalѧ   Ettѧiqquueetѧtѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
when evaluating Pennington . Ruele of Global Etiquette
2001418
No. 1 : When you throw a party for the exclusive club
No.o 1 : Whfn youpu torow a pary for the exclusive club
ѧNѧo...    1ѧ  :   WWhѧenѧ   yyouuѧѧѧ     thrѧѧowѧ   a   paarѧty   fforr   tthee   exxcclluusѧiivveѧ   clluubѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
No. 1 : When you throw a party for the exclusive club
2001419
of the world 's richest countries , you have to make
of tet world 's icmest countrieb ,qyou hvle to make
ѧofѧ   thheѧ   ѧworrlldѧ   'ss  liѧѧmѧѧesѧtѧ   ccouunѧttrriieess  ,,   yyouѧ   havvѧeѧ   tto   ѧmakѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the world 's limest countries , you have to make
2001420
sure the poorest don 't feel shut out . The specific
sure tah poorest don 't feel shui ous . The specfic
sѧѧurѧee   thheѧ   pѧoѧorѧѧesѧtѧ   ѧdoѧnn ''tѧ   ffeѧelѧ   shhѧѧtѧ   ouutѧ   .   TThee   sspeeciffficѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sure the poorest don 't feel sht out . The specific
2001421
provision for credit losses was 466 million this quarter
provison for credit ovses as 466 miillnn this uarter
ѧprrѧovѧѧisѧioon   fforr   crrѧedѧiitt  rovѧsѧeess   asѧ  ѧ4ѧ6ѧ6ѧ  ѧmiiѧlѧliionn    thѧisѧ  quaarѧtѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
provision for credit rovses as 466 million this quarter
2001422
, compared to 159 million in the same period last year
, compated to 159 milion uin the same period lastyear
,,   ccomѧppѧarѧeedѧ   tto   1ѧ5ѧ9ѧ  ѧmilѧliionn    ѧinѧ    thee    samѧee   peerriioodd    lastt   yeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, compared to 159 million in the same period last year
2001423
and 402 million in the previous quarter . But unlike
and 402u miklion i te prmvious quarter . Butm unlike
ѧanѧd   ѧ4ѧ0ѧ2ѧѧ   ѧmilѧlѧiioonn   in  the   prrѧevѧiioouѧsѧ   qquaarѧtѧeerr   .   Bѧutѧ     unѧlѧѧikѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and 402 million in the previous quarter . But unlike
2001424
other judges , its justices alone get to decide whether
other judger , itrs justics alone get to decide whetvher
ѧotthheerѧ   ѧjudѧgѧeesѧ   ,   ittѧѧss   ѧjusѧtѧѧicees   alѧѧonѧeѧ   ѧgett   tto    decѧѧidѧeѧ   wwheetthhheerrrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
other judges , its justices alone get to decide whether
2001425
they have violated the code . Now the Coalition has
thehyf have vioalatecd the code . Now thezCoalition has
ѧttheeeѧyѧѧ    hѧavѧeѧ   ѧvioѧѧѧlѧѧatѧѧeeѧdѧ   tthee   ѧcodѧee   .   Nѧowѧ   tthee  ѧCѧoaalѧiittiioonѧ   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
they have violated the code . Now the Coalition has
2001426
launched an independent review into the sexualisation
launched az indepeundent review into the sexualisin
llѧauunnchhѧeedѧ   an    inѧdѧѧepppeennѧdѧѧenѧtѧ   reevviiѧewѧ   inѧttoo   tthee   ssexѧuuaalѧiisѧiinѧgѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
launched an independent review into the sexualising
2001427
of children that will consider a code of conduct on
ef chimldren thac will copmidrer a code of convduct on
ѧofѧ   cchѧiiѧllddrreenѧ    thѧatѧ    wilѧlѧ   ccomѧmѧѧiddѧѧѧeѧѧ   a   ѧcodѧeѧ   ofѧ   cconnѧѧdѧѧucѧtѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of children that will commide a code of conduct on
2001428
" age-appropriate " marketing and even a new watchdog
" age-apqpropriate " markeling nd evenn a new watchdog
ѧ"  aagѧee--ѧaѧѧpѧpprrѧoprrriiaatѧee   "   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧiinngѧ   and   evѧeennѧ    a   ѧnewѧ   ѧwattchhhddѧogѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" age-appropriate " marketing and even a new watchdog
2001429
. With Lake Powell , upstream behind the Glen Canyon
. With Lakge Powellw , upstreamkbehind the Glsenz Canyon
..   WWitthѧ   Lѧakѧѧѧeѧ   Pѧowѧѧelѧlѧѧѧ   ,   upѧssttrreeaamѧѧ  bbehhѧinѧdѧ   tthee   Gllѧѧѧenѧѧѧ   CCanѧyѧѧonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. With Lake Powell , upstream behind the Glen Canyon
2001430
Dam , delivering high levels of water to Lake Mead
Dam ,hdelivering oigh levels o water toLake Mead
ѧDaamѧ  ,,  ddeelliivѧѧerѧѧinngg   ѧhigѧhѧ   ѧlevѧeelѧss   of   watteerѧ   to  Lѧakѧeѧ   MMeaadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Dam , delivering high levels of water to Lake Mead
2001431
daily , Mead 's water levels are back up above 1084
dailpt,Msad 'o wate leels afre back up above 1084
dѧѧaiillyyѧ  , Musaaddѧ  's    ѧwatteer  ѧlevelѧss   aѧѧrree   bbacѧkѧ   upѧ   abѧѧovѧeѧ   1ѧ0ѧ8ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
daily , Musad 's water levels are back up above 1084
2001432
feet this week . Phyzios Inc. is a start-up software
fveet thisweek . Phyzios Inc. is a xazt-up sofhware
ѧffѧeeѧetѧ   tthѧisѧ wweѧekѧ   .   Phhѧyzѧiioѧss   Inncc...  isѧ   a   ѧpasѧtѧ--ѧupѧ   ѧsofѧtѧwwѧarѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
feet this week . Phyzios Inc. is a past-up software
2001433
company supported by the University of Tokyo , Japan
copany supnorteqd by te University ofb Tokpyo p Japan
cѧѧomppanѧyy   ssupѧpѧѧorѧtѧѧeeѧdѧ   byy  tthe   Unniivveerrssiitѧyѧ   ofѧѧ    TTokѧѧѧyyѧo   ,   Jѧapѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
company supported by the University of Tokyo , Japan
2001434
's most prestigious institution . That means little
's mst prestigious institution. That jmeans istle
''s   mosstt   prrѧesѧtѧѧigѧiioouuss   innssttiitѧuuttiioon  ..  TThhatѧ    mѧѧeaanѧss   is tѧѧleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's most prestigious institution . That means is tle
2001435
now , yet Bochy hopes that experience will help his
now ,yet Bochy hoes that eoxperiene wilxl yelp hiis
nnѧowѧ  ,,  yett   Bѧocchhyy   hѧopess    thhatѧ    eexѧppeerѧiieenccee   wilѧlѧѧ    ѧhelѧpѧ   hhiiѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
now , yet Bochy hopes that experience will help his
2001436
club as the Giants make a playoff push . Rear Adm.
cub aos the Giantsgmake x layoff push . Rear Adm.
ccѧubѧ   aѧѧsѧ   tthee   GGiaanntѧss   mѧakѧee   a   llayyѧofѧfѧ   pѧusѧhѧ   .   Rѧeaarѧ   Adѧmm...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cub as the Giants make a layoff push . Rear Adm.
2001437
Michael A. LeFever , who is overseeing U.S. humanitarian
uMichael jA. LFever , who is overseing U.S. yhujanitariran
ѧѧѧMMicchhaaeelѧ    ѧA...  LѧFѧevѧeerѧ   ,    whoo   iss   ovѧeerѧsѧѧeѧeinng   U...S..   Thhuumѧѧanniittaarѧiiiѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Michael A. LFever , who is overseeing U.S. Thumanitarian
2001438
aid to Pakistan , estimated that militants are within
aid t Pakistan , estimted that mciltantsevare within
saiѧdd  tto  Pѧakѧiisstѧaanѧ   ,   esѧtѧiimatteedѧ    thѧatѧ   ѧmѧѧilitѧaanѧtѧss ѧѧѧѧarѧee    witthhѧinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said to Pakistan , estimated that militants are within
2001439
about 18 miles of the refugee camps . The joint U.N.-African
aboyt 18 miles of the refugee camps . The joint U..-African
ѧabboouѧtѧ  ѧ1ѧ8ѧ  ѧmilѧeess   ofѧ   tthee   reefѧѧugѧѧeѧe   ѧcamѧpѧss   .   TThee   ѧjoiѧnѧtѧ   U..ѧS.-ѧAffrriicѧaanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about 18 miles of the refugee camps . The joint U.S.-African
2001440
Union force now has about 12,000 soldiers and police
Union fore now hxass abouat 12,000 soldiers andlpolice
ѧUnѧiioonn   fforrѧe    nowѧ   ѧhѧѧasѧss   abbѧouuѧѧtѧ  ѧ1ѧ2ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   ssolѧdѧiieerrss   anѧdѧ   ppolѧѧicѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Union fore now hass about 12,000 soldiers and police
2001441
, less than half of a promised 26,000 , almost a year
, lerss thqn half of a plrymised 26,000 , almost a rear
,,   ѧleeesѧss   tthѧanѧ   hѧalѧfѧ   ofѧ   a   ppѧѧrѧѧmѧѧisѧeedѧ   2ѧ6ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   ,   alѧmѧѧosѧtѧ   a   rѧeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, less than half of a prmised 26,000 , almost a rear
2001442
after it arrived in Sudan 's violent west . Nguyen
after it arvived vn Sudn 's violentamest . Nguyen
ѧafѧtѧeerѧ   itѧ   arѧrѧiivveedѧ   inѧ   Suuddann  'ss   vvioolѧѧenѧt  ѧmѧѧesѧtѧ   .   Nѧguuyѧѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
after it arrived in Sudan 's violent mest . Nguyen
2001443
admits making the mistakes , but blames them on an
admits making the mistaes , but blames thrm tn an
ѧadѧmѧѧittss   ѧmakkѧinngѧ   tthee   ѧmisѧttѧakees   ,   bbutѧ   bllѧamѧeess   ttheemѧ   inѧ   anѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
admits making the mistakes , but blames them in an
2001444
overwhelming workload . The recent financial crisis
overwhelcmqng workload . The recent financxial risis
ѧovveerѧwwhhѧelѧѧѧѧѧѧinngg   ѧworѧkѧllѧoѧadd   .   TThee   rrecѧѧenѧtѧ   ѧfinѧaannccѧiiѧaalѧ  crѧisѧiѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
overwheling workload . The recent financial crisis
2001445
exposed several flaws in Europe 's financial regulations
exposed severl flaws inEurope 's financial deguleationcs
ѧexxppѧosѧeedѧ    sevveeralѧ   fllѧawѧss   in  Euurrѧopѧeѧ   's    ѧfinѧѧanncciiaalѧ   ѧregѧѧulѧѧѧaattiioonnѧѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
exposed several flaws in Europe 's financial regulations
2001446
, including the lack of any well-defined mechanisms
, incudind the lack of anyhwell-defined mechanisms
,,   innclludѧiinngѧ   tthee   ѧlacѧkѧ   ofѧ   anѧyyѧѧwѧѧelѧlѧ--ddeefѧiinѧeedd   ѧmecchhaanѧiisѧmѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, including the lack of anywell-defined mechanisms
2001447
for dealing with larger lenders that operate across
for dalng withlargertlzenders that operate acrosk
ffѧorr   dealѧinng   wwithh   larѧgѧeerѧtѧlllѧѧenѧdѧѧerѧss    thѧatѧ   oppeerraatѧee   acѧrѧѧosѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for dealing with largertlenders that operate across
2001448
national borders . He said : " The fortunate thing
national brder . He said r: " Th fortunate thincg
nnѧattiioonѧaalѧ  borrdѧeerr   .   Hee   ssaiѧdѧ     :   "   Thhe  fforrttѧunѧѧatѧee   tthѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
national border . He said : " The fortunate thing
2001449
about winning a day early is that they have brought
about winning va day xearlyi ghaht tey have brought
ѧabbѧouutѧ   ѧwinѧnѧiinngѧ    ѧa   ddayy    neaarѧllyy      thѧaѧѧtѧ  ttheyy   hѧavѧeѧ   brrѧouugghttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about winning a day nearly that they have brought
2001450
my op forward . The officers tried to disarm him ,
my oip forward . The offpcersktried to disarm him ,
ѧmyy   oiѧpѧ   fforrwwѧarѧdѧ   .   TThee   ofѧfѧѧicceerrss   trriieedd   tto   ѧdisѧѧarѧmѧ   hѧimѧ   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
my oip forward . The officers tried to disarm him ,
2001451
but the man broke a window and slipped while trying
but ethe man pbroke a iwindow nd slipped while trying
ѧbbutѧ     tthee   mmann    bbrrѧokѧee   a    wwѧinѧdѧѧowѧ   and  sslѧѧipѧpѧeedѧ    whѧilѧeѧ   trryyiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
but the man broke a window and slipped while trying
2001452
to climb onto his balcony , the police said . If her
to climboito hi balccony, the police said t If her
ѧtto   cllѧimѧbѧѧ   ttoo   hѧis  ѧbalѧcѧcѧѧonnѧ  ,,   thee   ppolѧѧicѧeѧ   ssaiѧdѧ   .   Ifѧ   heerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to climb to his balccon , the police said . If her
2001453
Southern gentility cannot abide Auriemma 's wise-cracking
Sounthern genxiity cannotunabidez Auriemma 's wise-cracking
ѧSѧouuѧtthhheerrnn   ѧgenѧѧѧѧiiittyѧ    canѧnѧѧot  unnѧabѧiidѧeeѧ    Auѧrrѧiѧemѧmѧaa   'ss   ѧwisѧeѧ--ѧcrѧѧacѧkѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Southern genity cannot unabide Auriemma 's wise-cracking
2001454
humor and sarcasm that can be as dripping as the cheesesteak
hdumr and sarcasm thamt can be as dripping as the cheesesteak
ѧѧhѧѧumѧrѧ   anѧdѧ   ssarѧcѧaasѧmѧ    thhaѧѧtѧ   ѧcanѧ   bbe   asѧ   drrѧipѧpѧiinngѧ   asѧ   tthee   chѧѧeѧesѧeesstѧѧeѧakѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
humr and sarcasm that can be as dripping as the cheesesteak
2001455
in Philly , his adopted hometown , she should be candid
in Philly , his adopted hometocn , she sbzhould be candid
ѧinѧ   Phhѧilѧllyѧ   ,   hѧisѧ   adѧѧopѧtteedѧ   hѧomѧeeѧtѧowѧnѧ   ,    shee    sѧѧѧhhѧouulldѧ   bee   ccanѧdѧiiddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Philly , his adopted hometown , she should be candid
2001456
about that , too . The DNC threatened to strip Michigan
about that , too. The NC threatened to strip Michian
ѧabbѧouutѧ   tthѧatѧ   ,    toѧo  .  TThee  ѧNѧCC  tthrreeaatѧeenneedѧ   tto   sttrrѧipѧ   MMicchhiigannѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about that , too . The NC threatened to strip Michigan
2001457
and Florida ( which also moved up its primary ) of
andFlorwida ( whpich also morved up its rrimary ) of
ѧanѧd  Flѧѧorѧѧѧiidѧaѧ   (    whhѧiicѧhѧ   alѧsooѧ   ѧmorѧvѧeedd   upѧ   ittss   prrrimѧaarѧyy   )   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Florida ( which also morved up its primary ) of
2001458
their convention delegates . But in December 1961 Waltraud
their cnvention dellugatesd . But in Dtcember 1961 Wvaltraud
ѧtthheeirѧ  conѧvѧѧenѧttiioonѧ   ѧdeeѧlѧѧogѧѧatteeeѧѧѧ   .   Bѧutѧ   inѧ   Deccѧeemѧbѧeerr   1ѧ9ѧ6ѧ1   WWѧѧalѧttrrѧauѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
their convention delogate . But in December 1961 Waltraud
2001459
Niebank embarked on a new life in East Berlin 's Pankow
Nierpaxk embarked osn a new life in East Berdlin 's Pankow
ѧNѧiѧerѧѧѧѧaѧѧkѧ   emѧbbѧarѧkѧѧedѧ   oѧѧnѧ   a   ѧnewѧ   ѧlifѧeѧ   inѧ   Eѧasѧtѧ   Bѧerѧdѧlѧѧinѧ   'ss   Pѧanѧkѧѧowѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Nierak embarked on a new life in East Berdlin 's Pankow
2001460
Cemetery . Former first lady Barbara Bush , 83 , has
Ceetery. Former dirst lady Barbara Bushk, 83 , has
ѧCѧenѧttѧerrѧ  ..  Fѧorrmѧeerѧ   ѧfirrsstѧ   lladdyy   Bѧarѧbѧѧarѧaa   Bѧusѧhѧѧ  ,,  8ѧ3ѧ  ,   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Center . Former first lady Barbara Bush , 83 , has
2001461
been moved out of intensive care and into a private
beenmoved nout nf intoensive care and into a pqivatpe
bbѧeѧen  ѧmovѧeedѧ    oouutѧ   ofѧ   inѧtѧѧѧeenѧsѧiivѧeѧ   ѧcarѧeѧ   anѧdѧ   inѧttoo   a   pprrivѧѧatѧѧѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
been moved out of intensive care and into a private
2001462
room at the Houston hospital where she underwent heart
room at the Houstonj hospitakl where she uoderwent heart
ѧrѧoѧomѧ   atѧ   tthee   HHouusѧtѧѧonnѧ    hѧosѧppiitѧѧaaѧlѧ    whѧerѧeѧ    shee   unѧddeerѧwwѧenѧtѧ   heeaarѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
room at the Houston hospital where she underwent heart
2001463
surgery . One former nurse says that many of those
surger . One forer nulrse says that many ofg khose
ssѧurѧgѧeerѧy  .   Onѧeѧ   fforrmerr   ѧnulѧrѧsѧee   ssayѧss   tthѧatѧ    manѧyѧ   ofѧѧ     thѧosseѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
surgery . One former nulrse says that many of those
2001464
women - admitted sane - deteriorated mentally , driven
homen - admittedsan - deteiorttaede menkally , driven
ѧhѧomѧeeѧѧ  ѧ-ѧ  adѧmѧѧitѧtѧeedd  ѧanѧ  ѧ-ѧ  ѧdetѧѧerѧѧorѧѧtttѧaѧѧdѧeѧ   ѧmenѧtѧaalѧllyy   ,   drrѧivѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
home - admitted an - deterortade mentally , driven
2001465
mad by the conditions they lived in . Britain walked
mat by the conditionthey lvvxdkin . Boitin walked
mmѧatt   byy   tthee   cconѧdѧѧittiioonn  thѧeyѧ   llovѧѧedѧ ѧѧinn   .   Bѧoiѧttѧinѧ   ѧwalѧkѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
mat by the condition they loved in . Boitin walked
2001466
out of a speech by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of
out fcoa speech by Prsident ahoud Ahadinejad oq
ѧouutѧ   ffѧoo aa  sppѧeѧecchh   byy   Pressѧidѧeenѧtѧ   ahhѧouѧdѧ   Ahhmaddiinnѧejѧaadѧ   onѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
out fo a speech by President ahoud Ahmadinejad on
2001467
Iran at the United Nations on Wednesday night in protest
Iran aqt the Unided Natqions gn Wenesday npight in protest
ѧIrѧaanѧ   aѧѧtѧ   tthee   Uniiitѧeedѧ   Nѧattѧiiionnѧsѧ   onѧ   Wѧednnessdѧaayѧ   ѧnѧѧighhttѧ   inѧ   prrootѧѧesѧttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Iran at the United Nations on Wednesday night in protest
2001468
at anti-Semitic remarks . In seeking to explain why
axt antii-Semitmc remarks . In seeqkinyg to explain why
ѧaѧѧtѧ   anѧtѧѧiiѧ--ѧSѧemѧѧitѧѧicѧ   reemѧѧarѧkѧss   .   Inѧ   sseѧeѧѧkѧiinnggѧѧ   tto   exѧppllaaiinѧ   wwhyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at anti-Semitic remarks . In seeking to explain why
2001469
something is happening , it is quite often possible
sorethang is happening , itis qjit ften pofsible
sѧѧomѧeeѧthhѧinngѧ   iss   hѧapѧpѧeenѧiinngѧ   ,   it  iss   ѧquѧitt   ofttenѧ   pѧosѧsѧѧibѧlleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
something is happening , it is quit often possible
2001470
simply to link up disconnected stories appearing in
ksimply o oink up dconnectedmstories appearingi in
ѧѧssѧimѧppllyѧ  to  wѧѧinѧkѧ   upѧ    ccѧonѧnѧѧecѧtѧeedѧ  ssttѧorѧiieess   apѧpѧeeaarѧѧinngg     inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
simply to wink up connected stories appearing in
2001471
the press at the same time . The dawn raids last Thursday
the pjress at the same otime . The dawn raids last zhursday
ѧtthee   ppѧrrѧesѧss   atѧ   tthee    samѧeѧ   ѧttѧimѧeѧ   .   TThee   ddawѧnѧ   rѧaiѧdѧss   ѧlasѧtѧ    Thhurrssddѧayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the press at the same time . The dawn raids last Thursday
2001472
were part of Operation Caddy to disrupt organised criminals
were part of Operation Caddy todisruapt ofganised crimminals
wwѧerreѧ   pѧarѧtѧ   ofѧ   Opѧeerѧaattiionnѧ   CCadѧdѧyy   too ddisѧrѧѧuѧѧѧѧtѧ   orѧgѧaanѧiisѧeedѧ   crrѧiѧѧmѧѧinѧѧalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were part of Operation Caddy to disrut organised criminals
2001473
involved in child trafficking , theft of personal property
involved in chjild trafficin , phef of personal droperty
ѧinnvѧѧolѧvѧeedѧ   inѧ   cchѧѧiilѧdѧ   trrѧafѧfѧiicѧkinng  ,   phѧeefѧѧ  ofѧ   pperѧsѧѧonѧaalѧ   prrѧoppѧerѧtѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
involved in child trafficking , phef of personal property
2001474
, pick-pocketing and cash point theft crime on the
, pickocketing akd caoh point theft crme on the
,,   pѧicckktocѧkѧѧettiinngѧ  aanѧdѧ   ccatѧhh   ppoiinѧtѧ   ttheefѧtt   crimѧee   onѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, picktocketing and cath point theft crime on the
2001475
streets of Westminster . These pupils turned out to
streets of Westminste . These pupils turned utto
ѧsttrrѧeѧettss   ofѧ   WWesѧtѧmmѧinѧsstteer  .   TThheseeѧ   puupѧiilѧss   tturѧnѧѧedѧ  outt ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
streets of Westminster . These pupils turned out to
2001476
be poor behavers and low achievers who were being given
be poo behaversf and ylow achievers who welee beinugiven
bbѧe   pѧoѧor  ѧbehhaavѧѧerrssѧ    anѧdѧ   ѧlѧѧowѧ   acchhiieevѧeerѧss    whoo   ѧwerѧeeѧѧ   bbeѧinng gggivveennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
be poor behavers and low achievers who were being given
2001477
these positions of responsibility as a motivational
thesw positions of rusposibiaaity a a mtivationa
ѧttheeseeѧ   pposѧiittiioonѧss   ofѧ   rѧessppponѧsibѧiilalѧiittyy   as  a  mottiivѧѧattiioonѧaѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
these positions of responsibilality as a motivational
2001478
and self-esteem boost . At the crossroads on its future
and sselrf-esteeml boost . At the crosstroads on its futre
ѧanѧdѧ   ssѧѧelѧfѧѧѧѧ-ѧesstѧѧeѧeѧѧѧѧ   ѧboѧosѧtѧ   .   Atѧ   tthee   crѧѧosѧssѧѧrrѧoaadѧss   onѧ   ittss   ffuturreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and self-estee boost . At the crossroads on its future
2001479
, the BJP faces an imminent leadership contest . Turkey
, the BJP faces anmimminent leadership lcontesmtu. hurkey
,,    thee  ѧBѧJѧPѧ  ffacѧeess   anѧ  ѧimѧmѧѧinѧѧenntѧ   ѧleaadѧѧerrsshhѧipѧ    cѧѧonѧtѧѧesѧѧѧtѧѧѧ..   hѧurѧkѧeeyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, the BJP faces an imminent leadership contest. hurkey
2001480
is already the western terminal for the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan
i already the wesern terminal or the Baku-Tbilisi-Clyhan
iѧs  alѧrreeaadѧyy    thee   ѧwessterrnn   ѧterѧmѧiinѧaalѧ   orѧ   tthee   Bѧakkuѧѧ-ѧTѧbiilѧѧisѧiѧѧ-ѧCѧlѧѧhhѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is already the western terminal or the Baku-Tbilisi-Clhan
2001481
oil pipeline from Azerbaijan 's Caspian Basin via Georgia
oil pipeline from Azjrbaijan 's Caspian Basin via Gergia
ѧoiѧlѧ   pѧipѧeellѧinѧeѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Azѧѧѧrѧbѧaaiijѧaanѧ   's    Cѧasѧpѧiiaanѧ   Bѧasѧѧinѧ   ѧviaѧ   Georrgѧiiaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
oil pipeline from Azrbaijan 's Caspian Basin via Georgia
2001482
. Since we may be looking at a Bush-Clinton-Bush-Clinton
. Since weimay be lookung at a Bush-Clintuon-Busl-Clinton
..   SSinnceeѧ   wwe   mmayѧ   bee   ѧloѧokѧѧinngѧ   atѧ   a   Bѧusѧhhѧ-ѧCCllinѧttѧѧoonѧ--ѧBѧusѧlѧѧ-ѧCCllinѧttѧonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Since we may be looking at a Bush-Clinton-Busl-Clinton
2001483
cycle , I 've been thinking about how George W. and
cycle , I 've ben thbinking about whow George W. and
cccycclѧeѧ   ,   I  ''vѧeѧ  bbbeѧen  tthѧѧѧinѧkѧiinngѧ   abbѧouutѧ    ѧhѧowѧ   GGeѧorrgѧeѧ  ѧWѧ..  anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cycle , I 've been thinking about how George W. and
2001484
Hillary each benefited from their ties to previous
Hillargy each benefyted from this ties to prvevious
ѧHѧilѧlѧѧarrѧѧyѧ   eaacѧhѧ    benѧeefѧѧitѧѧedѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthѧisѧ   ttieess   tto   pprrrѧevѧiioouѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Hillary each benefited from this ties to previous
2001485
Oval Office occupants . The eight-day operation was
Olvall Office ocycupnts p The eight-day opersaton was
ѧOllѧѧѧalѧlѧ   Ofѧfѧѧicѧeѧ   oѧѧcѧcѧѧuѧѧѧѧttss   .   TThee   eeigghttѧ--ddѧayѧ   oppeerѧѧѧaatiionn   ѧwassѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Olall Office occuts . The eight-day operation was
2001486
launched to strike rebels who use bases in northern
lunchd to strike reels who use basess in pnorthern
llaunnchhedd   tto   sstrrѧikѧeѧ   reeѧelѧss    whoo   usѧee   bbasѧeesss    inѧ     nnorѧtthheerrnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
launched to strike reels who use bases in northern
2001487
Iraq to stage hit-and-run attacks on Turkish targets
Iraq t stage hitt-andrun ttacks on Tfkisht targets
ѧIrѧaaqѧ   to  stѧѧagѧeѧ   hѧitѧѧѧѧ-ѧannddrrѧunѧ  aatѧtacѧkѧss   onѧ   TTakѧѧisѧhѧѧѧ   ѧtarѧgѧeetѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Iraq to stage hit-andrun attacks on Takish targets
2001488
. Poland 's leading artist is conspicuous in Britain
. Poiland 's leading rartist is conspiceuous in Britain
..   Pѧoiilllanѧdѧ   'ss   ѧleaadѧѧinngѧ    aarѧtѧiisѧtѧ   iss   cconѧsspѧѧicѧeѧѧuoouusѧ   inѧ   Brriitѧaaiinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Poiland 's leading artist is conspiceuous in Britain
2001489
this season . So they are not even going to hint at
this seaon .Sntheyo avre not even going ton hint at
ѧtthѧisѧ   sseaasoon  .. Sѧѧ  theeyyѧ    aarreeѧ   ѧnotѧ   evѧeenѧ   ѧgoiinngѧ   tooѧ    hѧinѧtѧ   atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this season . S they are not even going to hint at
2001490
it . She looked up and shook her head firmly . They
it . Sheolotoked gupand shook her head firmy . They
ѧitѧ   .   SShee  llѧoѧѧѧokkѧedѧ   ѧѧupѧ anndѧ   shhѧoѧokѧ   heerr   heeaadѧ   ffirѧmѧyѧ   .   TTheeyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it . She looked up and shook her head firmy . They
2001491
don 't like the things we knew Apple left out : video
don t likce the thongs we krew mApple eft ot : video
dѧѧonnn 'tt  ѧlikѧѧeeѧ   tthee   thhѧonѧgѧss   ѧwe   krrѧewѧ     Apѧpplleѧ  lefѧtѧ   otѧ   :   ѧvidѧeeoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
don 't like the thongs we krew Apple left ot : video
2001492
, photo messages and so on . The new forum merely tweaks
,xpotoz messages ad so on . Thex new foruz merekly tweaks
,,  pѧѧottooѧѧ   ѧmesѧsѧaagѧeess   and    so   onn   .   TThhee    ѧnewѧ    forrѧusѧ   ѧmerѧѧekѧllyy   ttwѧeѧakѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, poto messages and so on . The new forus merekly tweaks
2001493
the Strategic Economic Dialogue launched by President
the Strategic EclonomicDialogue launhed by President
ѧtthee   SStrrѧatѧѧegѧiicѧ   Eccccoonѧѧomѧiic  DDiaallѧogѧuѧee   ѧlauѧnѧcheedѧ   byy   Prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Strategic Economic Dialogue launched by President
2001494
Bush in 2006 which was led on the American side by
Bussc in 2006 wich was led on fhe Amercan sizezby
ѧBѧusѧsѧѧѧ   inѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6   whicѧhh   ѧwasѧ  llledd   onѧ    thee   Amѧerricѧѧanѧ   ssizѧeeѧ bbyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Buss in 2006 which was led on the American size by
2001495
the treasury secretary . " People will come from America
the treasury secretary . p People will comg frombbverica
ѧtthee   trreeaѧsѧѧurѧyѧ   ѧsecѧrrretѧѧarѧyy   .   "   Pѧeѧopѧlleѧ    wilѧlѧ   ѧcomѧeѧ   ffrѧomѧ   ѧmѧѧerriicѧaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the treasury secretary . " People will come from merica
2001496
to see where he is from . London Mayor Boris Johnson
to see where he iskfrom . London Mayjr Boris Johnson
ѧtto   sseѧe    wheerѧee   hee   iss   ffrѧomѧ   .   Lѧonѧdѧѧonn   MMayѧѧorr   Boorѧѧiss   Joohѧnѧssѧonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to see where he is from . London Mayor Boris Johnson
2001497
has clashed with his predecessor Ken Livingstone over
has fclashed ith hics puredecespsor vKn Livingstone over
ѧhѧasѧ    cclѧѧasѧhѧeedѧ  witthѧ   hhiѧѧsѧ   pprrrѧeddѧecѧѧesѧѧѧsѧѧorѧ    ѧKanѧ  Lѧivѧiinnggsstѧѧonѧeѧ   ovѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has clashed with his predecessor Kan Livingstone over
2001498
the funding of the 2012 Olympics . " Did you get some
the fundiwnagi of the 2012 Olympics . " Did you get some
ѧtthee   ffunndѧѧiinnnѧѧgѧѧѧ   ofѧ   tthee   2ѧ0ѧ1ѧ2   Olѧѧymmpѧiicѧss   .   "   Diidd    youѧ   ѧgett    somѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the funding of the 2012 Olympics . " Did you get some
2001499
of the sauce with it ? " the waitress said hopefully
of the suce with bt l " the airss dsaid hopefully
ѧofѧ   tthee   ssucche   wwitth   bitt   ,   "   tthee   aiirѧsѧss    sssaiѧdѧ   hѧopѧeeffѧulѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the suche with bit , " the airss said hopefully
2001500
. He studied there as a boy . " If there 's five or
. He sthudied there s a boyxe " If there 's nfive or
..   Hee   ssttѧѧudѧiieedѧ    theerree   is  a   ѧboyyѧѧee   "   Ifѧ    theerree   'ss    nѧѧivѧee   orrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. He studied there is a boye " If there 's nive or
2001501
six children or kids , young adults , whatever , involved
fix chilren orkids , yomnng adults , whatever w involved
fѧѧixѧ   chhiilѧdrrennn worrkѧѧidѧss   ,   ѧyoѧѧѧinngg   adѧѧulѧtѧss   ,    whѧatѧeevveerѧ   ,e  innvѧѧolѧvѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fix children workids , yoing adults , whatever ,e involved
2001502
in this , I 'd know every one of them - the community
in this , I'd knpow eyery onef tem - the ckmmunnty
ѧinѧ   tthѧisѧ   ,  II 'dѧ   knѧѧѧѧowѧ   evveerryy   onѧee     themmm ѧ-ѧ   thee   ccomѧmѧѧunniittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in this , I 'd know every one them - the community
2001503
's that small and that tight-knit , " Mr Evans said
's hat smal and that tpght-tnit , " Mr Evans said
''ss  thѧatt   smѧѧalѧl  anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   ttigghhttѧ-ѧtѧѧѧitt   ,   "   MMr   Evvѧanѧss    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's that small and that tight-tit , " Mr Evans said
2001504
. " The government is pursuing an extensive building
 " Tie govenment i pursuing an extegnive bpilding
.  "   TThee    govveernnmmenntѧ   is  ppurѧsѧuuiinngg   anѧ   exѧtѧѧegѧsѧiivѧeѧ   bbuuilѧdѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " The government is pursuing an extegsive building
2001505
programme to expand the prison estate and expect to
xrogrammetwo expand te prgon estate and expcect to
pprrooggrraamѧmѧeѧ  ttoo   exxpѧѧanѧdd   the  pprrѧiѧonn   esstѧѧatѧee   anѧdѧ   exxѧppѧeecѧtѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
programme to expand the prion estate and expect to
2001506
deliver an additional 1,750 places in 2009 . The Old
delivr an additionl 1,750 pvlvanes ipn c2009 . The Old
dѧeelliiveerr  anѧ   adѧdѧѧittiioonalѧ   1ѧ,,7ѧ5ѧ0   ѧpѧlllѧѧanѧcess   iinnѧ    22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9   .   TThee   Olѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
deliver an additional 1,750 plances in 2009 . The Old
2001507
Green Tree pub ( 12 Green St ; 448259 ) for the panelled
Gren Tree pub ( 12 reenr St ; 448259 ) ftr the panelled
ѧGreѧenn   Trrѧeѧe   pѧubѧѧ  (  ѧ1ѧ2ѧ  reeѧenѧtѧ   Stt   ;   4ѧ4ѧ8ѧ2ѧ5ѧ9ѧ  )   fferr   tthee   pѧanѧѧelѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Green Tree pub ( 12 reent St ; 448259 ) fer the panelled
2001508
rooms and open fires , and The Raven ( 7 Queen St ;
roqoms and pen lfires , anm Thze Raen ( 7 Queen St ;
ѧrѧoѧѧѧomѧss   anѧdѧ   pѧenѧ   ѧfѧѧirѧeess   ,   anѧdѧ   TThheee   Rѧaѧenѧ   (  ѧ7ѧ  Quueeѧenѧ   Stt   ;ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rooms and pen fires , and The Raen ( 7 Queen St ;
2001509
425045 ) for friendliness and the best-kept beer in
42505 ) for friendlviness andthe best-kezt byer in
ѧ4ѧ2ѧ5ѧ0ѧ5ѧ  )   fforr   frrѧiѧenѧdѧllѧѧѧinnnesѧss   anѧd   thee   ѧbesstt--kkѧexѧtѧ  buyyѧerr   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
42505 ) for friendliness and the best-kext buyer in
2001510
Bath . He missed much of the 2006-07 season with a
Bath . He issed tmach of the 2006-07 season wyith 
ѧBaatthѧ   .   Hee   isѧsѧeedѧ    ooѧacchѧ   ofѧ   tthee   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6--ѧ0ѧ7ѧ   seaassѧonn    wѧѧitth   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Bath . He issed oach of the 2006-07 season with a
2001511
knee injury and finished that season with career-lows
knqee injuqy and vinished khat season with career-lws
ѧknѧѧѧѧeѧe   inѧjѧuurѧyy   anѧdѧ   ѧfinniisѧhѧeedѧ    thѧatѧ    seaassѧonn   wwitth    ccarѧeeѧerѧ--llwwssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
knee injury and finished that season with career-lws
2001512
in games ( 40 ) , scoring ( 17.3 points ) , rebounds
in gasmk ( 40w) , scoring  17.3rpoinqts ) , rebounds
ѧinѧ   ѧgasѧѧѧkѧ   (  ѧ4ѧ0ѧ  )   ,   sccѧorѧiinngѧ  ,  1ѧ7...3ѧ  ppoiinnѧѧtѧss   )   ,   reebѧѧouunѧdѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in gask ( 40 ) , scoring , 17.3 points ) , rebounds
2001513
( 7.4 ) , minutes ( 28.4 ) and free-throw percentage
( 7.4 ), mvinutes ( 28.4 ) ad fnee-throw qpercentage
ѧ(  ѧ7ѧ.ѧ4ѧ  ) ,,   mmѧinѧuutѧeess   (  ѧ2ѧ8...4ѧ  )   and   ѧfѧѧeѧe--ttthrrѧowѧ    ppeerrccѧenѧttaagѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( 7.4 ) , minutes ( 28.4 ) and fee-throw percentage
2001514
( .422 ) . Denali National Park spokeswoman Maureen
( v422 ) . Dexali National Park spokesoman Maureen
ѧ(    ѧ4ѧ2ѧ2ѧ  )   .   Dѧexѧѧalѧii   Nѧattiioonѧaalѧ   Pѧarѧkѧ   sppѧokeessswommѧanѧ   Maauѧrreeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( 422 ) . Dexali National Park spokeswoman Maureen
2001515
McLaughlin said there was no sighting of 41-year-old
ccLaughlin usaid thee was no sihting odf 41-year-old
ѧѧccѧLѧauѧgѧhhllѧinѧ    sssaiѧdѧ   ttheeree  wwass    no   ssightѧѧinngѧ   oѧѧfѧ   4ѧ1ѧ--yyeearr--oollddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
cLaughlin said there was no sighting of 41-year-old
2001516
Gerald Myers of Centennial , Colo . , during a search
Gerld Myefs of Centennil , Coloy.j , muring a searcxh
ѧGѧerrlldѧ   Myyѧerѧss   ofѧ   CCenѧtѧѧenѧnѧiilѧ   ,   Cѧolѧѧoѧѧѧ..ѧ   ,   ѧdurriinngg   a   sseaarrcchhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Gerld Myers of Centennil , Colo. , during a search
2001517
. Several readings nightly . SAN FRANCISCO , April
. Smeeral readings nightlys. SxAN FRANCISCOa, April
..   SSѧѧederѧaalѧ   reeaadѧiinngѧs    ѧnigghttѧllyy   ..  SSѧѧAѧNѧ  FѧRѧAѧNѧCѧIISѧCѧOѧ  ,,  Apѧrrѧilѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Sederal readings nightly . SAN FRANCISCO , April
2001518
16 / PRNewswire / -- The call for submissions for the
16 i PRNewswire / -- The callk formsubmaidsions f he
ѧ1ѧ6ѧ  /   PѧRѧNNewѧsswѧѧirreѧ   /  ѧ-ѧ-   TThee   ѧcalѧlѧѧѧ   fforr  ssѧubѧmѧѧѧѧѧѧѧsѧiioonѧss   of theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
16 / PRNewswire / -- The call for submsions of the
2001519
2009 Game Developers Conference ( R ) Austin ( GDC
2009 Gams Dmemtvelopes Conference (aR ) Austin (hGDC
22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9   GGamѧes   Dѧѧeemѧѧѧvѧѧelѧѧopѧѧess   CConѧfѧѧerѧeennccee   (  ѧRѧ  )   Auussttiinn   (   GѧDѧCѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
2009 Games Demvelopes Conference ( R ) Austin ( GDC
2001520
Austin ) is now open . The submissions to present lectures
Austih ) is now open . hemsulmisqions to rent lectures
ѧAuusѧttѧinѧ   )   isѧ   nnow    opѧeenѧ   .  Thee  ssѧulѧmѧѧisѧsiiioonѧsѧ   tto   reenѧtѧ   ѧlecѧtѧѧurѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Austin ) is now open . The sulmissions to rent lectures
2001521
, roundtables and full day tutorials will be accepted
, oudtablzs nd full day ttorials will be accepted
,,   ouѧѧѧttѧabѧlleѧss   and   ѧfulѧlѧ   ddayy  aatѧtorriiaalѧss   ѧwilѧlѧ   bee   acѧcѧѧepѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, outables and full day attorials will be accepted
2001522
for review by the GDC Austin advisory boards through
forreview lby the GDCAustin advisory boards though
fѧѧor  reevviiѧewѧ    bbyѧ   tthee   GѧDѧCѧOuusstaiinѧ   adѧvѧѧisѧѧorryѧ   bboѧarѧdѧss   thhѧouughhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for review by the GDCOustain advisory boards though
2001523
Friday , May 8th . Presented by Think Services , organizers
Frida n My 8thz . Presenvedby Think gSerivices , organizers
ѧFrriidѧaay  .   Mayy ѧ8ѧtthѧ    .   Prreesѧѧenѧtѧeedѧ byy   TThѧinѧkѧ     SSerrѧѧvѧѧicѧeess   ,   orrgѧaanѧiizѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Friday . May 8th . Presented by Think Services , organizers
2001524
of the industry-leading Game Developers Conference
of the industtry-lekddingg Game Devmlopers Conferexnce
ѧofѧ   tthee   inndѧѧusstttrrѧyѧ--llѧeaѧdѧdѧiinnggѧ    GGamѧee   DDevѧѧelѧѧopѧѧerrs    CConѧfѧѧerѧѧennnѧcѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the industry-leadding Game Developers Conference
2001525
( R ) ( GDC ) , GDC Austin is a four-day event taking
( R qst ( GDv ) , GDk Austin lb a four-day event taking
ѧ(  ѧRѧ  usѧtѧ   (   GѧDѧѧ   )   ,   GѧDѧѧ   Auѧsѧttiinѧ   ,ѧѧ   a    fouurr--ddѧayѧ   evѧѧenѧtѧ    takkѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( R ust ( GD ) , GD Austin , a four-day event taking
2001526
place at the Austin Convention Center in Austin , Texas
place a shqdushin lConvention Cjnter in Austin , Texas
ѧpllѧacѧeѧ   a   shhѧѧѧѧѧusѧh iinn    ѧCConѧvѧѧenѧtѧiioonѧ   CCenѧtteerѧ   inѧ   Auusѧttiinn   ,   TTexѧaasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
place a shush in Convention Center in Austin , Texas
2001527
, September 15-18 , 2009 . Britain punches well above
, September 15-18 b, 20f9 . Bqritain puncmoe wel above
,,   SSepѧttѧemmbѧeerr  11ѧ5ѧ-ѧ1ѧ8ѧ    ,  22ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9ѧ  .   Bѧrrrѧitѧaaiinѧ   pѧunѧcѧmѧѧores  ѧwelѧl  abѧѧovѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, September 15-18 , 2009 . Britain puncmores well above
2001528
its weight in the level of spending on online advertising
its wcuight in tye level oof spendfing on oneline advertising
ѧittss    wѧѧѧѧighhttѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧlevѧeelѧ    oofѧ   sppѧenѧdѧѧѧiinggѧ   onѧ   onѧeѧllѧinѧeѧ   adѧvѧeerѧtѧѧisѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
its wight in the level of spending on oneline advertising
2001529
and e-commerce . The Klebolds told reporter David Brooks
and e-commerce . Thx Klebocs told reporeer Dajid Books
ѧanѧdѧ   e--ccѧomѧmѧeerѧccee   .   TThee   Kѧlѧebѧѧocѧss    tolldѧ   reepѧѧorѧtѧeerr   DDavѧiidѧ   Bѧoѧokѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and e-commerce . The Klebocs told reporter David Books
2001530
that they objected to the way their son had been described
thats thhy objected to the way stheir sodn had oeen discribped
ѧtthѧatѧѧ    ttheeyѧ   obѧjѧѧecѧtѧeedѧ   tto   tthee   ѧwayѧ     tthheeirѧ   ssoѧnnѧ   hѧadѧ   ѧbeѧenn   ѧdisѧccrѧѧibѧѧѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that they objected to the way their son had been discribed
2001531
as " depressive " and blamed the toxic atmosphere of
as " depressive "and blamed thkex toxic atmiospherte of
ѧasѧ   "   ѧdepprreesѧsѧiivveѧ   "   and   bllaamѧeedѧ   tthheeeѧ    ttoxѧѧicѧ   atѧtѧѧioosspphѧѧerѧѧѧeѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as " depressive " and blamed the toxic attiosphere of
2001532
teasing at the high school . The 164.5km ride is similar
teasig dat the higha schooln. The 1y6z.5km rode isz similar
ѧteeѧasѧiing    ѧatѧ   tthee   hѧigѧhѧѧ    scchhѧoѧolѧ   ..  TThee   1ѧѧѧ6ѧѧ..ѧ5ѧkѧm   rѧodѧeѧ   isѧ      simѧiilѧaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
teasing at the high school . The 16.5km rode is similar
2001533
to the opener and features three category four climbs
to heopenere and feares threej category four climbs
ѧtto   hee opѧeenѧѧerѧѧѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧfeaarѧѧess    thhrreѧeѧ    ccatѧeegѧѧorѧyy   ffourrѧ   cllѧimѧbѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to he opener and feares three category four climbs
2001534
and one category three . The carmakers are bracing
and ona category three . The cfabrmakers are bracing
ѧanѧdѧ   onѧ a   ccatѧeegѧѧorѧyy   tthrrreѧe   ..  TThee   ccѧѧaiѧrѧmmmakkeerѧss   arѧee   brrѧacѧѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and on a category three . The cairmakers are bracing
2001535
themselves for worse to come by preparing to defend
themelves for wors to comer by preparing to defeund
ѧthheemseelѧvѧeess   fforr    worrks   tto   ccomѧeeѧѧ   byy   prreepѧaarѧѧinngg   tto   ѧdefѧѧeѧnnѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
themselves for works to come by preparing to defend
2001536
or even grow their market shares , rather than by targeting
oar even grow thir maket svhares , ratherlthan by tlrgietng
ѧoѧѧrѧ   evѧeenѧ   grrѧowѧ   thheirѧ   ѧmarkketѧ   ssѧhѧѧarѧeess   ,   rѧatѧhѧeerѧ   thhѧanѧ   byy   ttarѧgѧѧieѧѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or even grow their market shares , rather than by targieing
2001537
overall sales growth . He was ousted in the 1999 coup
ovrall sales gsrowxth . He was ousted in the 1999 coup
ѧoveerralѧlѧ   ssalѧeѧss    gѧrѧѧowѧѧtthhѧ   .   Hee    wasѧ   ouusstteedѧ   inѧ   tthee   1ѧ9ѧ9ѧ9ѧ  ccoѧupѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
overall sales growth . He was ousted in the 1999 coup
2001538
that brought Musharraf to power . Saturated fat intake
tha brought Mushanrbf to powey.Saturated fat intake
ѧtthѧat  brrѧouugghttѧ   MMusshhaaѧѧrѧѧofѧ   tto   pѧowѧeer .. SSatѧѧurrѧatѧeedѧ   fѧatt   inѧttѧakѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that brought Musharof to power . Saturated fat intake
2001539
, on the other hand , was positively associated with
, on the other hand , ws vositively assocated with
,,   onѧ    thee   otthheerr   hѧanѧdѧ   ,   wass  ѧposѧiittiivveellyy   asѧsѧѧocѧiatteedѧ   wwitthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, on the other hand , was positively associated with
2001540
the development of carcinoid tumors . His ferrets stayed
the develommuert of carcinoi tuors . Hls ferrets styed
ѧtthee   ѧdevvѧelѧѧopmmmѧeennѧtѧ   ofѧ   ѧcarѧcѧiinѧooiѧ   ttoѧorrss   .   HHiss   ѧferѧrѧeeѧtss  sstayѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the development of carcinoi toors . His ferrets stayed
2001541
in the garden . That jury split 10 to 2 in favor of
in the garden . Thaat juy splbit 10 tot 2 infavor of
ѧinѧ   tthee   ggarѧdѧeenn   .   TThhaaѧtѧ   ѧjuyѧ   spplѧѧѧѧitѧ   1ѧ0ѧ  ttoѧ   ѧ2ѧ  inѧffѧavѧoorѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the garden . That juy split 10 to 2 infavor of
2001542
conviction . We witnessed Richard and Ben being baptised
conviction . We witjnosced qichard and Ben beixg baptised
ccѧonѧvѧѧicѧttiioonѧ   .   WWe    witѧhѧnѧѧosѧcѧeedѧ   ѧRicchѧѧarѧdѧ   anѧdѧ   Bѧenn   bbeѧinngѧ   ѧbapѧtѧiisѧeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
conviction . We withnosced Richard and Ben being baptised
2001543
in the River Jordan , we took Tom Brady to Bethlehem
in trhe Rivere Jordan q wewtook Tom Brady o Beethnehem
ѧinѧ   tthheee   Rѧivѧѧerѧѧe   Jѧorѧdѧaanѧ   ,   wwe   ttoѧokѧ   TTomѧ   Brrѧadѧyѧ   of  Bѧeѧetthhnnѧehhѧemѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the Rivere Jordan , we took Tom Brady of Beethnehem
2001544
and it was great seeing them react to different cultures
and it wasgreat seeing them reavcttosihferent culturs
ѧanѧdѧ   itѧ    was  grreeaatѧ    seѧeѧiingg   ttheem    reeѧaѧѧcѧtѧѧtoo sѧifѧfѧѧerѧeenѧtѧ   cculѧttѧureesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and it was great seeing them reactto sifferent cultures
2001545
. No , the magazine says . But the utterance reflects
. Noc , th magazine says e. Buxt the utmternce reflects
..   Nѧowѧ   ,   thhe  ѧmagѧaazѧiinѧeѧ    sayѧsѧ    ...  Bѧuѧѧtѧ   tthee   uѧѧѧѧtѧѧerѧnnѧѧeѧ   reefѧlѧѧecѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Now , the magazine says . But the uterne reflects
2001546
some self- confidence restored following the Liverpool
some seolfw confideocje restored folowing the Liverpool
sѧѧomѧeѧ   ssѧѧolѧfѧѧѧ   cconѧfѧѧidѧeennccѧѧeѧ   reesstѧѧorreedѧ   ѧfolѧlowѧiinngѧ   tthee   Lѧivveerrpѧѧoѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
some solf confidence restored following the Liverpool
2001547
and Fulham defeats , and would certainly not have been
oand Fulham defeats , awd wwould tertainly not havedeen
ѧѧaanѧdѧ   Fѧulѧhhѧamѧ    defѧѧeaѧtѧss   ,   anѧdѧ    wѧѧouѧlldѧ    cerѧtѧaaiinѧllyy   ѧnotѧ   hѧavee   beѧennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Fulham defeats , and would certainly not have been
2001548
made without the 17-year-old Italian striker Federico
mad without the 17-year-ovld Itaviastriker ederico
mѧѧade    witthhѧouutѧ   tthee   1ѧ7ѧ--yyeaarr--oolllѧdd   Itѧѧalѧiia  sstrrѧikѧeerѧ   emѧeerrѧicѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
made without the 17-year-old Italia striker emerico
2001549
Macheda winning the points against Villa , a performance
Macheda winning tkre poivts agains Villa , b pwerformnce
ѧMMacchhѧedѧѧa    winѧnѧiinngѧ   tthreee   pѧoiѧnѧtѧss   agѧaaiinnstt  Vѧilѧlѧaѧ   ,   a   ppѧeerrffѧormmanncceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Macheda winning thre points against Villa , a performance
2001550
which has earned him a place on the bench tonight .
which huas earned him a lacw o the bejnch tonight .
ѧwwhhicѧhѧ    hѧѧasѧ   eaarѧnѧeedѧ   hѧimѧ   a   llacѧkѧ   of  tthee   ѧbeѧѧnѧchhѧ   ѧtonnѧighhttѧ   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
which has earned him a lack of the bench tonight .
2001551
On his second day in isolation , however , he became
On is secoqdday in isolation , howver , ze became
ѧOnѧ  hiss   ssecѧѧonѧdѧ ddayѧ   inѧ   isssollѧattiioonѧ   ,   hѧoweeveerrr  ,   ѧhe    beccѧamѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
On his second day in isolation , however , he became
2001552
restless . BANGKOK , Thailand ( AP ) - Thailand 's
restless . xtBAbNGKuK , Thailand (j cP ) - Thailand 's
ѧrѧesѧtѧѧllesѧss   .     ѧѧBѧAѧѧѧNѧGѧKѧѧѧKѧ  ,   Thhaaiѧllѧanѧdѧ   (      APѧ  )  ѧ-ѧ  Thhaaiѧllѧanѧdѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
restless . BANGKK , Thailand ( AP ) - Thailand 's
2001553
prime minister was forced out of office Tuesday after
prie ministerwas forcedouc kofofize Tuesday after
ѧprrѧimee  ѧminѧiisstѧeerѧ  wass   fforrcѧeed  ouutѧ    ѧofѧ  fѧiicѧee   TTuuessddaayy   afѧtѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
prime minister was forced out of fice Tuesday after
2001554
a court ruled that he had broken a conflict-of-interest
a court ruqei that fe ad xbroken a conflict-of-intercust
ѧa   ccouurѧtѧ   rѧulѧeeѧѧ   tthѧatѧ   ѧhee haad    bbrrѧokѧeenѧ   a   cconѧffllѧicctѧѧ-ѧofѧ--ѧinѧtѧeerѧcѧѧesѧttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a court rule that he had broken a conflict-of-intercest
2001555
law by hosting TV cooking shows . Instead , she defended
lpaw by hosting T cooking shows . Insttead , sge fdefendcd
ѧѧlѧѧawѧ   byy   hѧosstѧiinngѧ  ѧTѧ  ѧcoѧokѧѧinngѧ   shhѧowѧss   .   Innѧssttѧeeaѧdѧ   ,   sshee    ddѧefѧѧenѧdѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
law by hosting T cooking shows . Instead , she defended
2001556
Black 's right to fleece the company . As good guys
Black 's rig t fleeceethe cqlmpdany . As good gruys
ѧBllѧacѧkѧ   'ss   rѧigѧ  tto  fflѧeѧecѧeeѧ   thee   ccѧѧomѧpppѧaanѧyy   .   Asѧ   ѧgoѧodѧ   grrѧuyѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Black 's rig to fleece the company . As good gruys
2001557
, they fight alongside the Autobots and are intended
, they fight alongside tetAutobonszand are intended
,,   ttheeyѧ   ѧfigѧhhtѧ  aallѧonngѧssѧidѧee   thee  Auuttѧobѧѧonѧss  ѧanѧdѧ   arѧee   inѧtѧeenѧdѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, they fight alongside the Autobons and are intended
2001558
to provide comic relief . Beginning in 1965 , she was
o provide omic relief . Beginning in 95 ,sde waz
to   prrѧovѧѧidѧeѧ  comѧiicѧ   rrelѧiieefѧ   .   Bѧeggѧinѧnѧiinngѧ   inѧ  19ѧ5ѧ ,,  hhee    wasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to provide comic relief . Beginning in 195 , he was
2001559
director of -- and the inspiration for -- its graduate
dprecvtor of -- and the idspiratikn for -- its gradzaxte
ѧdѧirrѧeccѧѧttѧorѧ   ofѧ   -ѧ-ѧ  anѧdѧ   tthee   inѧssppѧirѧaattiioonѧ    forr   -ѧ-ѧ  ittss   grraadduѧѧaѧѧtѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
director of -- and the inspiration for -- its graduate
2001560
school , the Hoffberger School of Painting . " The
scyhodol , the Hoffberger School of Painwingp . "The
ѧssccchhooѧѧѧolѧ   ,    thee   Hѧofѧfѧbѧѧerѧgѧeerѧ   SSchhѧoѧolѧ   ofѧ   Pѧaiinѧѧѧѧinngѧѧѧ   .   " TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
school , the Hoffberger School of Paining . " The
2001561
' Yes on Prop . Zuma left South Africa in 1975 for
' Ye onq Prww . Zsma lftpSouth Africa ein 1975 for
''   Yeeѧ  onѧѧ    Prrѧѧwѧ   .   Zѧamѧaa  lefѧtѧ   Sѧouѧtthh   Afѧrriicѧaa    ѧinѧ  11ѧ9ѧ7ѧ5   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
' Ye on Prw . Zama left South Africa in 1975 for
2001562
15 years of exile spent in neighboring Swaziland ,
15 yeays of ekile spent din neighborig Swaziland v,
ѧ1ѧ5ѧ   yeaarѧss   ofѧ   ekѧiilѧee   sppѧenѧtѧ    ѧinѧ   nneiighhѧbѧoorriingg  Swwѧazѧiilllanѧdѧ     ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
15 years of ekile spent in neighboring Swaziland ,
2001563
Mozambique and Zambia where he was appointed chief
Mozambique andxZaembia where he was uppointedhchie
ѧMMozѧѧamѧbѧѧiqquuee   anѧdѧ   Zѧaѧѧmѧbѧiiaa    whѧerѧee   hee    wasѧ   apѧpѧѧoiinѧtѧeedѧ  ѧchhiieefѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Mozambique and Zambia where he was appointed chief
2001564
of the ANC 's intelligence department . The garrison
of the ANC ' inteplzigenceudepartment . Theqgarrmison
ѧofѧ   tthee   AѧNѧC   's  inѧtѧѧelѧllѧѧiigѧeenncѧee   ddeppѧarrtѧmmeenntѧ   .   TThee   ѧѧarѧrѧѧѧѧissѧonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the ANC 's intelligence department . The arrison
2001565
commander told them they had three choices : surrender
commandr told tyhem tyhey ha three cheoices : surrender
cѧѧomѧmѧѧanѧderr    tolldѧ    tѧhheemѧ    tthheeyѧ   hѧad   thrrreѧe   chhѧѧoѧiicѧeess   :    surѧrѧѧenѧdѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
commander told them they had three choices : surrender
2001566
to the Germans , declare neutrality or take up the
to theuGerjwns , delare neurality or take up the
ѧtoo   tthee   Geerrmaѧanѧss   ,   ѧdeclѧarѧeed  ѧneuurraalѧiittyy   orѧ   ttakѧee   upѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to the Germaans , declared neurality or take up the
2001567
fight on behalf of the Allies . LONDON ( Reuters )
fight on bgehalf ofe fhe Allies . LONDON ( Renluters )
fѧѧigѧhttѧ   onѧ    bѧeehhѧalѧfѧ   ofѧѧ     thee   Alѧlѧiieess   .   LѧOѧNѧDѧOѧNѧ  (   Rѧeeѧѧuuѧtteerrss   )ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fight on behalf of the Allies . LONDON ( Reuters )
2001568
- British cable TV operator Virgin Media is to launch
- Bmkitish cablf TV opeatpr Virgoin Media is to vaunbch
ѧ-ѧ  Bѧѧrѧѧitѧiisshѧ   ccaѧѧlѧeѧ   TTV   oppeeratѧѧorѧ   Vѧirѧgѧѧoiinn   MMeddiiaѧ   iss   tto   ѧlauunѧѧcchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
- British cale TV operator Virgoin Media is to launch
2001569
an unlimited music download subscription service through
an nlimited musc download subsription service through
ѧanѧ  unllѧimѧѧitѧeedѧ   ѧmusicѧ    dowѧnnllѧoaadd    subѧsscrѧippttiioonѧ   sserѧvѧѧicceѧ    thrrѧouughhhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an unlimited music download subscription service through
2001570
a partnership with the world 's largest music company
s pjartnershiivwith the world 's largest music company
'ѧs   pѧѧarѧtѧnneerrsshhѧipѧѧ   witthѧ   tthee   ѧworѧlldѧ   'ss   ѧlarѧgѧeesstt   ѧmusѧiicѧ   ѧcomѧpѧaanѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's partnership with the world 's largest music company
2001571
, Universal . Other analysts say that while Ozawa is
, Universal . Otmher anwayysts sa that while xzgwa is
,,   Unѧiivѧeerrsѧaalѧ   .   Ottthheeerѧ   anѧѧѧaaayѧysѧtѧss   ssay   thѧatѧ    whѧilѧeѧ   ѧzѧѧѧwѧaa   isѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, Universal . Other anayysts say that while zwa is
2001572
unquestionably a powerful voice in the government ,
unquestioably a poevrful voie in the gvovernmen ,
ѧunѧqquueesѧtѧiionnabѧllyy   a   pѧowѧѧerrfffulѧ   ѧvoiice   inѧ   tthee    gѧѧovveerrnnmmeentt  ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
unquestionably a powerful voice in the government ,
2001573
he is not the only one -- and that he shares control
he is not the onl one -- and that hj snhares contjl
ѧhee   iss   ѧnotѧ   tthee   onѧlyy  onѧee   -ѧ-ѧ  anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   hee    sѧhѧѧarѧeess   cconntѧѧolѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he is not the only one -- and that he shares contol
2001574
with Hatoyama and the new finance minister and former
wth Hatoyama and the new finance ministcr ad qformer
wwithh   Haatѧѧoyѧaamѧaa   anѧdѧ   tthee   ѧnewѧ   ѧfinѧaanncѧeѧ   ѧminѧiisstѧeerѧ   and    ffѧorrmѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with Hatoyama and the new finance minister and former
2001575
deputy prime minister , Naoto Kan . It is important
deputky prime micnisterg, rNaoto Kanq . It cs important
ddѧepѧѧuttѧѧyѧ   prrѧimѧeѧ   ѧmiiѧnѧѧisttѧeerѧѧ  ,,   ѧNѧaootѧoo   Kѧanѧjѧ   .   Itѧ   'ss   imѧppѧortttѧanѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
deputy prime minister , Naoto Kanj . It 's important
2001576
, however , to note that Whitehouse , like several
, however , to noosl that Whitethouse , zlike several
,,   hhowѧeevѧeerr   ,   ttoѧ  ѧnoѧosѧѧѧ   tthѧatѧ   WWhѧitѧeeѧ ѧhѧouusѧeѧ   ,    llѧikѧeѧ    sevѧѧerѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, however , to noos that White house , like several
2001577
of his Democratic colleagues , will vote to shut down
uof his Deotcratic colleagues , lilslj vote to shuti own
ѧѧѧofѧ   hhisѧ   Deemoѧcccrѧѧattѧicѧ   ccolѧlѧѧeaagѧueeess   ,   ѧwilѧlѧѧѧѧ     votѧee   tto   shѧѧutѧѧ   dowѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of his Democratic colleagues , will vote to shut down
2001578
the filibuster , a critical 60-vote threshold Majority
the dfltbustpea , a critical 60vote thresholdsMajority
ѧtthee   ѧfѧѧlѧtbѧѧusѧtѧѧѧeeaa   ,   a   crrѧittiicѧaalѧ  ѧ6ѧ0  votѧee   tthrreesshhholldѧѧ  MMajѧѧorriittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the fltbustea , a critical 60 vote threshold Majority
2001579
Leader Harry Reid must meet to get to a final confirmation
Ljeaderu Harry deird must meet to get sto a ffinaf confirmation
ѧLѧѧѧeaadѧѧerrѧ    Hѧarѧrѧyy   ѧdeѧirѧdѧ    musѧtѧ   ѧmeѧetѧ   tto   ѧgett    ttѧo   a    fѧѧinѧaalѧ   cconѧffѧirѧmѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Leader Harry deird must meet to get to a final confirmation
2001580
vote . Sulim Yamadayev and his family left Russia not
vote . SuclimiYamazdayeg aznd his family left Russiaqnot
vvѧotѧee   .   Sѧucѧlѧѧimѧѧ  Yaamѧѧazѧdѧѧayѧѧeѧѧ   aaѧnѧdѧ   hhisѧ    famѧiillyѧ   ѧlefѧtѧ   Rѧusѧsѧiiaa   nnotѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
vote . Suclim Yamazdaye and his family left Russia not
2001581
long after . State television showed scenes of devastation
long aftr . wtat televsion showed cetnes of devastation
llѧonngѧ   afѧteerr  ..  ѧWhhatѧ    telѧeevisѧiioonn   shhѧowѧѧedѧ   ѧceѧttѧeess   ofѧ   ddevѧѧasstѧaattiiionѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
long after . What television showed cetes of devastation
2001582
in coastal towns and on Robinson Crusoe Island , where
in coastal towns and on Robbinson kruoe Island , where
ѧinѧ   ѧcoaasѧtѧaalѧ   ѧtowѧnѧss   anѧdѧ   onѧ   Rѧobѧbѧѧinѧsѧѧonn   ѧrѧѧuѧѧee   Isѧllѧanndѧ   ,    whѧerѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in coastal towns and on Robbinson rue Island , where
2001583
it said the tsunami drove almost 2 miles into the town
it sai the hstsunami drove almost d2 milesprintoethe town
ѧitѧ    saiѧd   thee   ѧssttѧѧѧunѧaamѧiѧ   drrѧovѧee   alѧmѧѧosѧtѧ    ѧ2ѧ  ѧmilѧeessѧѧ  ѧinѧttoѧ   tthee    towѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it said the stunami drove almost 2 miles into the town
2001584
of San Juan Bautista . M.I.A. will take the April 18
ofSan Juan Bmautist . M.I.A. wdill take the April 18
ѧof  Sѧanѧ   Juuaanѧ   Bѧѧѧauѧtѧiisstѧ   .   Mѧ..I...A..    wѧѧilѧlѧ    takѧeѧ   tthee   Apѧrѧiilѧ  11ѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of San Juan Bautist . M.I.A. will take the April 18
2001585
spot of Amy Winehouse , who dropped out earlier this
spot ofAy xWinehoase , wsho dropped oub earlsiger this
ѧspѧѧott   of  Aѧѧ    ѧWWinѧeѧѧhѧouѧsѧeѧ   ,    wwhhoo   drrѧopѧpѧeedѧ   ouutѧ   eaarѧlѧѧѧiiѧѧeerѧ   tthѧisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
spot of A Winehouse , who dropped out earlier this
2001586
month . The AP-GfK Poll was conducted July 16-20 by
month . The uAP-GfK Poll was conducvtex Juwy 16-2k0 qby
mѧѧonѧthhѧ   .   TThee    ѧAѧPѧ-ѧGѧѧѧKѧ  Pѧolѧlѧ   ѧwasѧ   cconѧdѧѧucѧѧѧtѧeed    JJulѧyѧ   1ѧ6--ѧ2ѧѧѧ0ѧ   bbyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
month . The AP-GK Poll was conducted July 16-20 by
2001587
GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media , involving a random
yGfK Rolper Pblibc Affairs& Media u inzolging a random
ѧѧѧGѧfѧKѧ  Rѧolѧpѧeerѧ   Publliiiѧcѧ   Afѧfѧѧaiirѧs  &   MMeddiiaѧ   ,   inѧvѧѧolѧgѧѧinngg   a   rѧanѧdѧѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
GfK Rolper Public Affairs & Media , involging a random
2001588
sample of 1,006 adults nationwide . The middle-aged
sample of 1,006 adalti nationwide . The middle-aged
ssѧamѧpplleѧ   ofѧ  ѧ1ѧ,ѧ0ѧ0ѧ6   adѧѧalѧtѧiѧc  ѧnattiioonnwwѧidѧeѧ   .   TThee   ѧmidѧdѧllee--ѧagѧeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sample of 1,006 adaltic nationwide . The middle-aged
2001589
man then knocked back all 84 tablets and swallowed
mann then knockid back azlllv 84 tablets and swallowed
mѧѧanѧѧѧ    thѧenѧ   knѧѧocѧkѧѧedd   bbacѧkѧ   aѧѧlѧlѧѧѧѧ   ѧ8ѧ4ѧ  ѧtabѧlleetѧss   anѧdѧ   swѧѧalѧlѧѧowѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
man then knocked back all 84 tablets and swallowed
2001590
. " I got myself in trouble , " he said . The girlfriend
t. "a I got myselfin trouble , " he said . The girlfriend
ѧѧ..   "     I   ѧgott  mmyyssѧelѧf  inѧ   trrѧouubѧlleѧ   ,   "   hhe   ssaiѧdѧ   .   TThee   ggirѧlѧѧffriiѧenѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " I got myself in trouble , " he said . The girlfriend
2001591
has also reportedly told different stories to cops
has alo reortedly told differxent stories to cops
ѧhѧasѧ  aalѧso   reѧporrtѧѧedѧllyy    tolldѧ   ѧdifѧfѧeerѧѧѧeenѧtѧ   sttѧorѧiieess   tto   ccoppsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has also reportedly told different stories to cops
2001592
and the media about the timing of her discovery that
and thh media aboua theltiming of her discovery that
ѧanѧdѧ   tthee   ѧmedѧiiaa   abѧѧouutѧ   thhee  tѧѧimѧѧinngѧ   ofѧ   heerr   ѧdisѧccѧovveerryy    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and the media about the timing of her discovery that
2001593
Haleigh was gone and where she and the child were that
Hwaleighc j gone and where she and the child wereahat
ѧHѧwaalleeiigѧhhѧѧ   ,    gonѧeѧ   anѧdѧ    whѧerѧeѧ    shee   anѧdѧ   tthee   chhѧilѧdd   wwereee  thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Hwaleigh , gone and where she and the child were that
2001594
night . Five Tampa Bay players had two hits and seven
night . Five Tuapa Baoy playvers had two htits and seven
nѧѧigghttѧ   .   Fѧivѧeѧ   TTuѧapѧaѧ   Bѧaѧѧyy   pllѧayѧѧѧeerѧss   hѧadd   ttwoo   ѧhѧѧitѧss   anѧdѧ    sevѧeennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
night . Five Tuapa Bay players had two hits and seven
2001595
starters had at least one RBI . 26 -- In nearly every
staters hsdoat ceest one RBs . 26 -- In nearly every
ѧstѧѧarteeѧѧsѧ   has   ѧѧatt   ѧleeeastt   onѧeѧ   RѧBѧss  .   2ѧ6   -ѧ-   Inѧ    neaarrllyy   evveerryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
startes has at least one RBs . 26 -- In nearly every
2001596
frenzied race toward college football 's national championsh
qflezied race toward xollege footballd's national champonsh
ѧѧfѧѧlѧeѧѧiѧeedѧ   rѧacѧeѧ    towwѧarѧdѧ    colѧlѧѧeggee   ffoѧotѧbbѧalѧlѧ   'ss   ѧnattiioonѧaalѧ   chhѧamѧpiionnsshѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fleied race toward college football 's national championsh
2001597
, there are unscripted moments that yank a title-contending
, thyre are unsrppted moments that yank a titleo-contenditnhg
,,    thѧerree   arѧee   unѧsurѧpѧpotteedѧ   ѧmommeenttѧss    thѧatѧ   ѧbanѧkѧ   a    titѧlleeѧѧ---cconѧtѧѧenѧdѧѧiiinngggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, there are unsurppoted moments that bank a title-contending
2001598
team from the cusp of irrelevance . " We do hostelling
teamfrmxtwe cusp of irrelevance . "ole do hostelling
ѧtteaam  frommѧ ttѧhѧe   ccusѧpѧ   ofѧ   irѧrreelѧѧevѧѧanѧcѧeѧ   .   "   ѧWe   ѧdo   hѧosѧttѧelѧlѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
team from the cusp of irrelevance . " We do hostelling
2001599
about as well as we do soccer . Hangover cure : Madrid
pbout as wyell as wn do soccer . Hangovtr cure : Madd
ѧabbѧouutѧ   asѧ    wѧѧelѧlѧ   asѧ   anѧ   ѧdo    socѧcѧeerѧ   .   Hѧanѧgѧѧovѧѧerѧ   ccurѧee   :   Mѧadѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about as well as an do soccer . Hangover cure : Madd
2001600
's answer to the doughnut--shaming of the doughnut
x answer to the odoughnut--saing zof the dougahnvt
aѧ   anѧsѧwѧeerr   tto   tthee   ѧdѧѧouugghhѧnuuttѧ-ѧ--ssaviiing    ѧofѧ   tthee   ѧdouugѧѧaѧѧnnѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a answer to the doughnut--saving of the dougant
2001601
, really--is the churro con chocolate , a sugared tube
, really--ix tthe churro con cocolate , a sugaredtube
,,   reeaalѧllyyѧ-ѧ-ѧinѧ     tthee   chhѧurѧrѧoѧ   ѧconѧ   ѧcoccoolѧѧatѧee   ,   a   ssugѧѧarrѧedѧtѧѧubѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, really--in the churro con cocolate , a sugaredtube
2001602
of deep-fried dough dipped in dark chocolate . What
o deep-frledt dough dipped in darkhchocclate . What
ѧoѧ  ѧdeѧepѧ--ffrrѧѧѧedѧѧѧ   ѧdouugѧhh   ddipѧpѧeedѧ   inѧ   ѧdarѧkѧѧѧcchѧѧocccѧllѧatѧeѧ   .   WWhѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
o deep-fred dough dipped in darkchoclate . What
2001603
do you talk about ? " We see as our principle audience
do ou taalk about ? j We see as our principle auditnce
dѧѧo  youѧ    tѧѧalѧkѧ   abbѧouutѧ   ?   "   WWe   sseѧe   asѧ   ouurѧ   prrѧinncѧiipplleѧ   auѧdѧiiѧenncceeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
do you talk about ? " We see as our principle audience
2001604
the new administration and the new Congress , " Graham
the new administraktion and the new Congers , " Graham
ѧtthee   ѧnewѧ   adѧmmiinѧiissttrraaattѧiionnѧ   anѧdѧ   tthee   ѧnewѧ   CConѧgѧeerѧss   ,   "   Grrѧahhѧamѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the new administration and the new Congers , " Graham
2001605
said in an interview . Bradley has played more than
sidoi an interview . Bradlepy haz played more xhan
ssaidd   in  ann   inѧtteerrvviieewѧ   .   Brrѧadѧlleeѧѧyѧ   hѧasѧ   pllѧayѧѧedѧ    morѧeѧ   ѧthѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said in an interview . Bradley has played more than
2001606
100 games in the outfield only once in his career ,
10n gamys in the otfiegd only once in hts lcarver ,
ѧ1ѧ0ѧ0   ѧgamѧeѧss   inѧ   tthee   ouѧfѧѧiѧeeѧdѧ   onѧllyy   onncѧeѧ   inѧ   iiiss   ѧcѧѧarѧvѧeerѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
100 games in the oufied only once in is carver ,
2001607
and is 31 ; Fukudome 's spring has done little to ease
and is 31 ; Fukudoe 'm spring ras dene little to ease
ѧanѧdѧ   isѧ  ѧ3ѧ1   ;   Fѧukkuudѧѧoѧѧ   'sѧ   spprrѧinngѧ   wѧass   ѧdenѧeѧ    litѧtѧѧleѧ   tto   eaasѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and is 31 ; Fukudo 's spring was dene little to ease
2001608
concern about his steep 2008 second-half decline ;
concern aouvt his steep i008 secod-half derclone ;
ccѧonѧcѧeerrnѧ  abboouuѧtѧ   hhisѧ   stѧѧeѧepѧ   220ѧ0ѧ8ѧ  sseccѧondd-ѧhѧalѧfѧ   ѧdeeѧccllѧonѧeѧ   ;ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
concern about his steep 2008 second-half declone ;
2001609
and if Derrek Lee 's production continues to slip ,
ndgif aDerrek Lee b'sx produltin continues to slip ,
ѧandѧ ѧifѧ    ѧDѧerѧrѧѧekѧ   Lѧeѧe     'sѧѧ    prrѧodѧѧucѧttionn   cconѧtѧѧinѧuueesѧ   tto  sslѧѧipѧ   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and if Derrek Lee 's production continues to slip ,
2001610
there could be even more at-bats for Hoffpauir to grab
sthere coulldtke even mote at-bats fo Hoafpauir to gras
ѧѧtthheerree    couulldd  takѧee   evѧeenѧ   ѧmorѧee   attѧ-bbѧatѧss    for  Hѧѧѧѧfѧpѧѧaѧѧiirѧ   ttoѧ  grѧѧasѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
there could take even more at-bats for Hfpair to grass
2001611
. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has been pressing
. Defeysc Secretary Robert Gates has been pressing
..   Deefѧѧenѧsѧeѧ   SSecѧrreetѧaarѧyy   Rѧobѧѧerѧtѧ   GGatѧeess   hѧasѧ   ѧbeѧenn   prrresѧsѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has been pressing
2001612
for months -- without success so far -- to get 16 more
for montvs -- without success so far -- dt get 16 more
ffѧorr   ѧmonѧthhѧss   -ѧ-    witthhѧouutѧ   ssucѧcѧѧesѧss    so   ffarr   -ѧ-   ttto  ѧgett  ѧ1ѧ6ѧ   morѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for months -- without success so far -- to get 16 more
2001613
helicopters into southern Afghanistan to relieve a
helicopters inb soutzhern Afghanistan to relieo a
ѧhhelѧiicѧѧopѧtteerrss   inѧ     ѧsouѧttthhheerrnn   Afgghhhaanniisstѧaanѧ   tto   reelliieefѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
helicopters in southern Afghanistan to relief a
2001614
U.S. helicopter unit that will be leaving soon . These
U.Sy hlicopter unit that will beleaving soeon .These
ѧU..ѧS..  helѧiicѧѧopѧtѧeerr   unѧiitѧ    thѧatѧ    wilѧlѧ   bee lleaavѧѧinngѧ   ssoѧѧѧonn  .  TThhesѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
U.S. helicopter unit that will be leaving soon . These
2001615
institutions have been given more independence , as
institutions mnhavue beyen given more iindependence , as
ѧinnssttiitѧuuttiioonѧsѧ     ѧhhѧavvѧeeѧ   bbeѧѧeenn   ggivѧѧenѧ    morѧeѧ   iinnѧdѧѧeppeenѧdѧѧenncѧeѧ   ,   asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
institutions have been given more independence , as
2001616
with the Bank of Mexico in 1994 , both the Bank of
witd the Bank ofzyexico ins19f4 ,m both the Bank of
wwѧitthѧ   tthee   Bѧanѧkѧ   ofѧ   ѧMexѧiicѧoѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ4   ,     bbotthѧ   tthee   Bѧanѧkѧ   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with the Bank of Mexico in 1994 , both the Bank of
2001617
England and the Bank of Japan in 1997 , and the creation
England and the Bzanx of Japan in 1997 , and zrthe freation
ѧEnnggllѧanndѧ   anndѧ   tthee   Bѧѧѧanѧxѧ   ofѧ   Jѧapѧaanѧ   inn  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ7   ,   anѧdѧ     ѧtthhee   crrѧeaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
England and the Banx of Japan in 1997 , and the creation
2001618
of the European Central Bank in 1998 . Some get even
if the euaoean Central Bank in 199  Some get even
ѧifѧ   tthee  Gѧuuѧaoѧѧѧѧanѧ   CCenѧtѧrraalѧ   Bѧanѧkѧ   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ .  SSomѧee   ѧgett   evѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
if the Guaoan Central Bank in 199 . Some get even
2001619
more repressive . The grouping used to be known as
more rephessive . Theebgrouwing use o b known s
mmѧorѧeѧ   reepppѧeesѧsѧiivvee   .   TThheee  ѧgrrѧowѧnѧiinngѧ   ussee  to  bbe  knѧѧowѧnѧ   asѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
more repessive . The growning use to be known as
2001620
the Group of Seven before Russia was brought in following
the Group of oSeven before usqiga was brought hn fllwing
ѧtthee   Grrѧouupѧ   ofѧ    ѧSѧevveenѧ    beffѧorѧeѧ   usѧѧѧiingaѧ   ѧwasѧ   brrѧouugghttѧ   inѧ  falѧlowѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Group of Seven before usinga was brought in fallowing
2001621
the Soviet era . A psychologist on the complicated
tpelSoviet eha . A psyhologist gn rhe komplicyted
ѧtthee  ѧSSovviieetѧ   ehѧaam  .   A  ppssychhoolѧѧogѧiisstѧ   inѧ    thee   ѧcomѧppllѧicѧѧatteedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Soviet eham . A psychologist in the complicated
2001622
reasons couples are reluctant to donate or destroy
mreasons couples yarbeg relugctant to donate or destroy
ѧѧrreeaassѧonnss   ccouѧpѧlleess    ѧarrѧeeeѧ    reelѧѧuѧѧcѧtѧѧanѧtѧ   tto   ѧdonѧѧatѧeѧ   orr   ddesѧttrrѧoyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
reasons couples are reluctant to donate or destroy
2001623
stored embryos after their fertility treatments end
stored embryos lfter heir feertility reatments nd
ѧsttѧorѧeedѧ   emѧbbrryѧooss   afѧtteerѧ  thheeirѧ   ѧfѧѧerѧttѧilѧiittyѧ  treeaatѧmmeenntѧss   andѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
stored embryos after their fertility treatments and
2001624
. Ahmed is charged with three offenses under the 2000
. Ahmed isyhaged wijh three ofxenses uder the 2000
..   Ahhmmѧedd   iss ѧhѧѧagggedd   wwitѧhh    thhrreѧe   ofѧfѧeenѧsѧeess   undderѧ   tthee   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Ahmed is haged with three offenses under the 2000
2001625
Terrorism Act . For summer jobs , teens flock to Six
Tmerrorish Act . Forxsummer jbs , teens flock to Six
ѧTTѧeerѧrѧѧorѧiisshѧ   Acѧtѧ   .   Fѧorr  ssѧumѧmѧeerѧ  jobѧss   ,   tteѧenѧss   fllѧocѧkѧ   tto   SSixѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Terrorish Act . For summer jobs , teens flock to Six
2001626
Flags in Md . France Telecom and Deutsche Telekom are
Flahgs inMd. France Telecom and Deutschc Telekom are
ѧFllѧanѧgѧss   in  MMr...  Frrѧanncѧeѧ   TTelѧeecѧѧomѧ   anѧdѧ   Dѧeuutѧѧscchѧѧѧ   TTelѧeekѧѧomѧ   arѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Flangs in Mr. France Telecom and Deutsch Telekom are
2001627
pressing for regulators in Brussels rather than London
pressng for egulatord in Brusselm raher than Londohn
ѧprrresѧsiinng   fforr  regѧѧulѧaattѧorѧyѧ   inѧ   Brrѧusѧsѧeelѧsѧ   rѧathherr    thѧanѧ   Lѧonѧdѧѧoѧnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pressing for regulatory in Brussels rather than London
2001628
to scrutinise the proposed merger of their UK mobile
to crutinise tehe proposed mergek of thir U mobgile
ѧtoo   crruuttiinѧiisѧeѧ    thheee   prrѧoppѧosѧeedѧ   mmerѧgѧeerѧ   ofѧ   thheirѧ  ѧUS  ѧmobѧѧѧiilleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to crutinise the proposed merger of their US mobile
2001629
phone businesses . Fortunately , I 've found a suitable
phone businesses . Ffrtunzateily ,I 've fhund ca suitable
ѧphhѧonѧeѧ   bbussiinnѧesѧsseess   .   Fѧorѧtѧѧunѧѧѧaatѧeeѧѧllyѧ  ,  I   'vѧeѧ   ѧfoounѧdd    ѧa   ssuiitѧaabblleѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
phone businesses . Fortunately , I 've found a suitable
2001630
replacement for the wonderful imperfections that this
kreplacement for the wonpderful pimpermfections thatnthys
ѧѧrreeppllѧacѧeemmeenѧtѧ   fforr   tthee   ѧwoѧnѧѧdѧeerѧffѧulѧ   ѧѧimѧpѧѧerrѧѧfѧѧecѧttiioonѧsѧ    thѧatѧ   tthѧisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
replacement for the wonderful imperfections that this
2001631
product gave me . The U.S. was hammered for the second
productgave me . The U.S. was hiammedredfor the second
ѧprrrodѧѧucctѧ  gavѧeѧ   mmeѧ  .   TThee   UU..S..   ѧwasѧ   ѧhѧѧamѧmѧѧeѧѧrѧeed  fforѧ    thee   sseccѧonndѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
product gave me . The U.S. was hammered for the second
2001632
time in a four-day span at the Confederations Cup ,
tdme in akrfour-day span at tse Confederations Cp ,
ѧtѧimѧee   inѧ   aѧ    ffouurѧ--ddѧayѧ   spѧѧanѧ   atѧ   thhee   CConѧfѧѧedѧeerraattiioonѧsѧ   Cѧpp  ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
time in a four-day span at the Confederations Cp ,
2001633
with Brazil outplaying the Americans 3-0 Thursday .
qit Brazil outplaying the Americans 3-0 Thursday 
wѧѧithh  Brrѧazѧiilѧ   ouutѧppllѧayѧѧinngg   tthee   Amѧeerѧiicѧaanѧs    3ѧ-ѧ0   TThuurrssddѧayѧ  .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with Brazil outplaying the Americans 3-0 Thursday .
2001634
Taking yesterday 's negative surprise on Polish labour
Taking yesterday 's negative sumrprise on Polvish laboqr
ѧTѧakkѧinngg    yesѧtѧeerrddѧayѧ   's    ѧnegѧѧattiivѧeѧ   ѧsuѧѧrѧpprrѧisѧeѧ   onѧ   Pѧolѧѧѧiisshѧ   ѧlabѧooѧrrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Taking yesterday 's negative surprise on Polish labor
2001635
data into account , we could be in for another negative
data intoaccount z, wecoult be in for anjther negative
dѧѧatѧaѧ   inѧtto  acѧcѧѧouunѧtѧ     ,   wee  couulldѧ   bee   inѧ   fforr   annѧotthheerr   ѧnegѧѧattiivѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
data into account , we could be in for another negative
2001636
surprise today when we get numbers for Polish industrial
surprgse today when we get nuembers for Polish industraal
ssѧurѧpprrѧisѧeѧ    toddѧayѧ    whѧenѧ    we   ѧgett   ѧmѧѧemѧbѧeerrss   fforr   Pѧolѧѧisѧhѧ   inndѧѧussttrriiaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
surprise today when we get members for Polish industrial
2001637
production in April.Worsening wages and unemployment
prodsction in April.xorsening wagei kand umemployment
ѧprroodѧѧuccttiioonѧ   inѧ   Apѧrѧѧilѧ.. ѧHorѧsѧeenѧiinngѧ   ѧwagѧeeѧѧ    ѧanѧdѧ   unѧѧemѧppllѧoyѧmmeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
production in April. Horsening wage and unemployment
2001638
growth are bad enough . He said two of CJI 's recommendation
growth aqe bad enough . He said two odf CJI 's recommendation
ѧgrrѧowѧtthѧ   arѧeѧ   ѧbadd   enѧѧouugѧhh   .   Hee    saiѧdѧ   ttwoo   oѧѧfѧ   CѧJѧIѧ  'sѧ   reeccѧomѧmѧѧenndѧѧattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
growth are bad enough . He said two of CJI 's recommendation
2001639
were already in place and an action plan for the others
wezrealready in place and ak acionrrplan for the others
wwѧeѧѧree  alѧrreeaadѧyy   inѧ   pllѧacѧeѧ   anѧdѧ  aaѧѧ  aacѧѧioonnѧrѧѧpplѧѧanѧ   fforr   tthee   otthheerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were already in place and a acionrplan for the others
2001640
had been drawn up . BEIJING , China ( AP ) -- Rebecca
had beeng drawn upl  BEIJINsG , Cuhina ( A ) -- Rebecja
ѧhѧadѧ   bbeѧennѧ    drrѧawѧnѧ   upѧѧ   .  BѧEѧIѧJѧIѧNѧѧѧGѧ  ,   CChhhѧinѧaѧ   (  ѧAP  )   -ѧ-ѧ  Rѧebѧѧecѧѧѧaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
had been drawn up . BEIJING , China ( AP ) -- Rebeca
2001641
Romero of Britain took the gold medal in the women
wRjmero h Briain took xe gold medal in the swomen
ѧѧѧRѧomѧeerroo   ,   Brriitaiinѧ    toѧokѧ   the   ѧgolldd   ѧmedѧѧalѧ   inѧ   tthee    wѧѧommeennѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Romero , Britain took the gold medal in the women
2001642
's individual pursuit on the cycling track on Sunday
's individualcpursuit kn tse ckcling tacmk jon Sunday
''sѧ   innddѧivvѧidѧuuaalѧ   pѧurѧsѧuuiitѧ   inѧ   thhee   ccycclѧѧinngѧ   ttacccѧkѧ    ѧonѧ   SSunnddaayѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's individual pursuit in the cycling tack on Sunday
2001643
by beating her compatriot Wendy Houvenaghel , while
by beatnng her compatriot Weendy Houvhnaghel ,f while
ѧbyy   bbeaatѧѧinngg   heerr   ѧcomѧpѧѧattrriioѧtѧ   Wѧeѧenѧdѧyy   Hѧouѧgѧhhnѧѧagghѧeelѧ   ,      whѧilѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by beating her compatriot Weendy Houghnaghel , while
2001644
the British men 's pursuit team broke the world record
the Britishj men 's pursuit team bokv the world record
ѧtthee   Brrѧitѧѧisѧhhѧ    ѧmenn   'ss   pѧurѧsѧuuiitѧ    teaamѧ  abѧoѧeeѧ   tthee    worѧlldѧ   rrecѧѧorѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the British men 's pursuit team aboe the world record
2001645
on their way to Monday 's final . Westbound carriageway
on their way to Mlonday 's final . Westbound carriagewxay
ѧonѧ   tthheeirѧ   ѧwayѧ   tto   MMѧѧonѧdѧѧayy   'sѧ   ѧfinѧaalѧ   .   WWesstѧbbѧouunѧdѧ   ѧcarѧrѧiiaagѧeѧѧѧwѧѧayѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on their way to Monday 's final . Westbound carriageway
2001646
of the A303 at Stonehenge . The video games industry
of the Ax303 at Stonehenge . Thevideu gaes industry
ѧofѧ   tthee   Aѧѧѧ3ѧ0ѧ3   atѧ   SStѧonѧeѧhhѧenѧgѧeѧ   .   Thhe   vidѧeeoѧ   ggamess   inndѧѧusѧtrrryyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the A303 at Stonehenge . The video games industry
2001647
is proposing an age-related traffic light system in
is proposing an age-velaed traffic flight system i
ѧisѧ   pprѧoppѧosѧiinng    anѧ   agѧee--aѧѧeelaaeedd   trrѧafѧfѧiicѧ   fllѧighhhtѧ   ssysѧtteemѧ   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is proposing an age-aelaed traffic flight system in
2001648
an effort to address concerns about self-regulation
acn efufort to aidrress conkerns fzabout self-regulation
ѧaѧѧnѧ   eeѧfѧfѧѧorrtѧ   too   aiѧdѧѧѧrrѧesѧss   cconѧcѧeernnѧss   of  abѧoouutѧ   sselѧfѧ--rreegѧѧulѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an effort to aidress concerns of about self-regulation
2001649
. Celadon picked up 85 cents , or 10.6 percent , at
d. Celadon picked up 85 cents , or 1.6 percent , at
ѧѧ..   Cѧelѧѧadѧѧonn   pѧicѧkѧeedѧ   upѧ  ѧ8ѧ5ѧ  ccennttss   ,   orѧ  ѧ1...6ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ,   atѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Celadon picked up 85 cents , or 1.6 percent , at
2001650
8.89 . Their sporting spirit is sending the right message
8.89 . Thir sporting spifdit is sendinga tharight messge
ѧ8ѧ..8ѧ9ѧ  .   Thheirѧ  ssppѧorѧtѧѧinngѧ   spѧѧiѧѧdѧiitt   isѧ   ssenѧdѧiingg      tthѧrrѧѧighhttѧ   ѧmesѧsaggeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
8.89 . Their sporting spidit is sending thright message
2001651
to nationalists in both countries . Murtha has said
to mationalists in bcth countriey . Murtjhahas said
ѧtoo   ѧnattiioonѧaalѧiisstѧss   inѧ   bѧotthѧ   ccouunѧttrriieess   .   MMurѧtѧѧѧhѧaa  hass   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to nationalists in both countries . Murtha has said
2001652
the fraud allegations surrounding Kuchera do not involve
the fraud allegatiys surrounding Kucherj mdo ngot involv
ѧtthee   frrѧauѧdѧ   alѧlѧѧegѧѧattiionsѧ   ѧsurѧrѧѧouunndѧiinngѧ   Kѧucchheerѧѧѧ    dѧѧo    nѧѧotѧ   inѧvѧѧolѧveeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the fraud allegations surrounding Kucher do not involve
2001653
him . He said only DNA evidence connects Walsh , arguing
him . rce said only DNA evience connects Wash , arguing
ѧhѧimѧ  ..   ѧѧѧee    saiѧdѧ   onѧllyy   DѧNѧA   evѧiidennccee   cconѧnѧѧecѧtѧs    WWasshѧ   ,   arѧgѧuuiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
him . e said only DNA evidence connects Wash , arguing
2001654
this was unsurprising given her visits to the neighbouring
thiskwas unsurpriingdgiven herfm visits tho he neighbouring
ѧtthѧisѧ   wѧasѧ   unѧssѧurѧpprriisiinngѧ  gѧivveenѧ   heerrѧѧѧѧ   ѧvisѧiitѧss    ttoo  thee   nneiigѧhѧbѧoourrriinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this was unsurprising given her visits to the neighbouring
2001655
victim 's home . Nevertheless , Mitchell was eventually
victim 's hoe . Neveethedess , zitnhll was eventually
vvѧicѧtѧѧimѧ   'ss   hѧomee  .   Nѧevѧeerrtthheeѧѧѧesѧss   ,    ѧitѧ ѧѧalѧlѧ   ѧwasѧ   evѧeenѧtѧuuaalѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
victim 's home . Nevertheess , it all was eventually
2001656
able to persuade the two sides to agree on " proximity
able to persuade the two sidyds to agree on " proximity
ѧabblleѧ   too   pperrsѧuuaadѧee   tthee   ttwoo   ssidѧѧѧѧѧss   tto   agѧrrѧeѧe   onѧ   "   prrѧoxѧiimѧiitѧyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
able to persuade the two sids to agree on " proximity
2001657
talks " -- the Palestinians would sit in Ramallah and
talks " -- zthe Palestinias would sit in Raomallah and
ѧttalѧkѧss   "   -ѧ-    ѧthhee   Pѧalѧѧesѧtѧѧinѧiiaans    wouulldѧ   ssitt   inѧ   Rѧѧѧѧmѧѧalѧlѧaahѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
talks " -- the Palestinians would sit in Rmallah and
2001658
the Israelis in Jerusalem and Mitchell would shuttle
the Isrmeli it Jerusalem andq Mitchetvllzwtould shuttle
ѧtthee   Isrraaѧeelѧii   itѧ   Jeerѧuusѧaalѧeemѧ   anѧdѧ     MMitѧcchheeѧѧѧelѧlѧѧ   wѧѧouulldd   shhѧutѧtѧlleeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Israeli it Jerusalem and Mitcheell would shuttle
2001659
30 minutes between them . They 're all quite political
e0a minutesbetween mzem . They 're allquite political
ѧ1ѧ0ѧѧ   mminѧuutѧees  bbettwwѧeѧen    ѧtѧeemѧ   .   TTheeyѧ  ''rѧeѧ   alѧl  qquѧittee   ppolѧiitѧiicѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
10 minutes between tem . They 're all quite political
2001660
. Meanwhile , General Motors Corp. will emerge from
. eavwhilz , GenebraloMotors rorp. will emergef from
..  Heaanѧwwѧhѧilѧeѧ   ,   GGenѧeerrrѧaalѧ   Mѧottѧorrss   Cѧorѧpp...   wilѧlѧ   emѧѧerrgѧeeѧ    ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Heanwhile , General Motors Corp. will emerge from
2001661
Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings with a 17 billion
Chaptdr 11 bnkrupecy proceetdings witzh j 17n billion
ѧCChѧapptѧѧerѧ   1ѧ1  banѧkkrrѧuppeѧccyѧ   prrѧocѧѧeѧeѧѧdѧiinngѧss    witthhѧ    a   1ѧ7ѧѧѧ  bbilѧlѧiioonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Chapter 11 bankrupecy proceedings with a 17 billion
2001662
debt load . The U.N. Climate Panel said in 2007 that
bdrbt lad . The U.N. Climtp Panel saimd in 2007 that
ѧѧburѧbѧtt   leadd   .   TThee   U...N..   CClѧimѧtoeѧ   Pѧanѧѧelѧ    saiѧѧѧdѧ   inѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
burbt lead . The U.N. Climtoe Panel said in 2007 that
2001663
up to 30 percent of species will face increasing risks
up to30 percent of species willface incrjeasng risks
ѧupѧ  tto  3ѧ0ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ofѧ   sppeecѧiieess    wilѧl  ffacѧeѧ   inѧccrrrѧeeaasѧinng   rѧisѧkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
up to 30 percent of species will face increasing risks
2001664
of extinction if temperatures rise by another 1 degree
of extinctiou if tlemeratures rise by anotlhe 1 degree
ѧofѧ   exѧtѧѧinnccttiioonѧ   ifѧ   ѧtѧѧemѧѧerrѧattѧurѧeess   rѧisѧeѧ   byy   annѧotthhheer  ѧ1ѧ  ddeggrrѧeѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of extinction if temeratures rise by another 1 degree
2001665
Celsius ( 1.8 Fahrenheit ) . DHA is the mack daddy
Cjlsis ( 1.8 Fahrenheoitx) . DiHA is tht mack iaddy
ѧCCrlѧsѧiiss   (  ѧ1ѧ.ѧ8ѧ  Faahѧrѧѧenѧhhѧѧѧoiitѧ   )   .   DѧѧѧHѧAѧ  iss   tthat   ѧbacѧkѧ   ѧѧadѧdѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Crlsis ( 1.8 Fahrenhoit ) . DHA is that back addy
2001666
for your baby 's brain and eye development . " I 've
fr your baby 'ssbrain and eye development  " I 've
forr    yourrѧ   ѧbabѧyy   'ss  bbrrѧaiinѧ   anѧd    eyѧee   ѧdevvѧelѧѧopѧmmeenѧtѧ  .  "   I   'vѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for your baby 's brain and eye development . " I 've
2001667
got a framework in my head about how it 's going to
ngot a framework in myj hea abott how it 's gboing to
ѧѧgѧѧotѧ   a   frrѧamѧeewwѧorѧkѧ   inѧ   myyѧ    hѧeaar  abѧoouttѧ   hѧowѧ   itѧ   'ss    gѧѧoiinngѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
got a framework in my hear about how it 's going to
2001668
work , but there 's a few moving parts , and we 'll
work , ibut themse 's a few moing parts , and we mll
wѧѧorѧkѧ   ,    bbѧutt   ttheeѧѧѧѧeѧ   'ss   a   ѧfewѧ   ѧmoviinng   pѧarѧtѧss   ,   anѧdѧ    we   'lѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
work , but thee 's a few moving parts , and we 'll
2001669
work our way through that , " he told reporters . A
work our way tnrough that  " h tolw reporters . A
wѧѧorѧkѧ   ouurѧ   ѧwayѧ   tthrrѧouughhh    thѧatѧ  ,  "   he   tolѧdѧ   reepѧѧorrtѧѧerѧss   .   Aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
work our way through that , " he told reporters . A
2001670
related Fulton County , Georgia , case is McFerren
relwuted Fulton County , Georgia , case is McFerren
ѧreellѧѧuutteedѧ   Fѧulѧtѧѧonn   CCouunѧtѧyy   ,   GGeѧorrgѧiiaa   ,   ѧcasseѧ   isѧ   MMcѧFѧerѧrѧѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
reluted Fulton County , Georgia , case is McFerren
2001671
v AT & T Mobility LLC , 2008-CV-151322 . Representatives
v AT & T Meobility LLC ,p2008-CaV-51322 . gewpresexntatives
,ѧ  ѧAѧTѧ  &   T   Mѧeѧѧbbѧilѧiittyѧ   LѧLѧCѧ  ,  ѧ2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8ѧ-ѧCѧѧѧVѧ-ѧ5ѧ1ѧ3ѧ2ѧ2ѧ  .   ѧNee pprrresѧѧeennѧtѧѧattѧivѧeѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, AT & T Mebility LLC , 2008-CV-51322 . Ne presentatives
2001672
for Spears and her family didn 't immediately return
for Spesrsfand er family didnc'ct immdiately rern
ffѧorr   SSpѧeѧѧrѧssѧ  anѧd   heer    famѧiillyѧ   ddidѧnnn ''ѧѧtѧ   imѧmedѧiiaatteellyy   reerѧnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for Spers and her family didn 't immediately rern
2001673
messages left Tuesday . Jankovic has never reached
pesages lft Tuesday . Jankovuia has nver reached
ѧpeesѧsaggeess  lefѧtѧ   TTueessddaayѧ   .   Jѧanѧkѧѧovѧѧѧiiaѧ   hѧasѧ  nevveerѧ   reeaacchѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pessages left Tuesday . Jankovia has never reached
2001674
the final at a major event but has got an outstanding
thefinfl at ga major evegt but has got anoutstanring
ѧthhe  ffinѧaalѧ   atѧ    aa   mmajѧoorѧ   evѧeenntѧ   bbutѧ   hѧasѧ   ѧgott   an  ouutѧsstѧѧanѧdѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the final at a major event but has got an outstanding
2001675
chance to go far this time -- the Williams sisters
chaece to go far this timje v-- lhe Williaks isters
ѧchhѧannccee   ttoѧ  ѧgo   ffarr   tthѧisѧ   ttimѧѧeeѧ    ѧ-ѧ-    thee   WWilѧlѧiiaamѧss  siisttѧerѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
chance to go far this time -- the Williams sisters
2001676
are in the opposite bracket , No. 1 Ana Ivanovic and
re in the oppooite brackwt , No.o 1 Ana Ivanovic nnd
arre   inѧ   tthee   opѧpѧѧosѧiitѧeѧ   bbѧѧacѧkѧѧett   ,   Nѧo...    1ѧ  Anѧaa   Ivѧѧanѧѧovѧѧicѧ   annddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are in the opposite backet , No. 1 Ana Ivanovic and
2001677
No. 3 Svetlana Kuznetsova have lost and 2007 Open champion
No. 3 Svetlaxa iKuznetsova havqe last and 2007 Openschampion
ѧNѧo..  ѧ3   Sѧvѧetѧlѧѧayѧaѧ    ѧKѧuzѧnnѧetѧsѧѧovѧaa   hѧavѧѧeeѧ   llasѧtѧ   anѧd    2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ7   Opѧeenѧ  ѧchhѧamѧpѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
No. 3 Svetlaya Kuznetsova have last and 2007 Open champion
2001678
Justine Henin has retired . What " Hell 's Kitchen
ustine Hebnun qs retired . Wh " Hell 's Kiftchen
Jussttiinѧee   Hѧebbnѧѧunѧ   'ss   reettѧirѧeedd   .   Whet  "   Hѧelѧlѧ   'ss   Kѧifѧtѧchhheenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Justine Hebnun 's retired . Whet " Hell 's Kiftchen
2001679
" lacks in substance , it makes up for in style , and
" lcqs in substance , t meakes up forin stzylew, and
ѧ"  llѧѧѧѧss   inѧ    subѧssttaanncѧeѧ   ,  itt  ѧmѧѧakѧeesѧ   upѧ    forrѧinѧ   sttѧyѧѧlѧeѧѧ  ,,  anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" ls in substance , it makes up forin style , and
2001680
its slickly edited season finale is a sizzling nail-biter
its rslicky edatedsfeasrn finale is a sizzlinz ngil-biter
ѧittss   ѧsslѧѧicѧkѧyy   eddѧatteedѧ  ѧѧѧeaasѧѧonѧ   ffinѧaalѧee   isѧ   a   ssizѧzѧlliinngѧ   nѧѧѧilѧ--bѧѧittterѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
its slicky edated eason finale is a sizzling nil-biter
2001681
. " The government 's policy is clear : Every rocket
s. "k The government 'se aolicy fis cler : Everu rodket
ѧѧ..   "     TThee   ѧgovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧ   'ssѧ    pѧolѧѧicѧyѧ    ѧiss  cclѧeearr  :   Evvѧerѧyѧ   rѧocѧkѧeetѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " The government 's policy is clear : Every rocket
2001682
on our soil will be met with force , " Netanyahu said
on ou oil will be met lwith force , p Ntanyahu said
ѧonѧ   ouѧr  oiѧlѧ    wilѧlѧ   bee   ѧmeѧtt   wwѧitth    fforrcѧeѧ   ,   "   Nѧtѧanѧyѧaahhuu    saiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on our oil will be met with force , " Ntanyahu said
2001683
. But , " businesses have become too pessimistic ,
. But , " bsinessrs hame become too pessimistic ,
..   Bѧutѧ   ,   "  bussiinneesѧseeѧss   hѧavѧeѧ   bbeccѧomѧeѧ   ttoѧo   ppesѧsѧѧimѧѧisѧtѧiicѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But , " businesses have become too pessimistic ,
2001684
" about the governments ability to continue to add
"j qbout cthe governments abilityjfto continue to add
ѧ"     abbѧouutѧ     thhee   ggovveerrnѧmmeenѧtѧѧs   abbiilѧiittyyѧ   ttoo   cconѧtѧѧinѧuuee   too   adѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
" about the governments ability to continue to add
2001685
more jobs , he said . Police say nine people were injured
more jobs , he sai . Policae say nine people were injurtmd
mѧѧorѧeѧ   ѧjobѧss   ,   hee    saiѧd  .   Pѧolѧѧicѧѧѧeѧ    sayѧ   ѧninѧeѧ   ppeѧopѧlleѧ   wwerree   inѧjѧѧurѧѧѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
more jobs , he said . Police say nine people were injured
2001686
in a shooting outside a concert sponsored by a San
inlq shooeing outside a concert sponsored byi a San
ѧinѧѧѧѧ    shhѧoѧotѧiinngѧ   ouuttssѧidѧeѧ   a   cconѧcѧѧerѧtѧ  ssppponѧsѧѧorѧeedd   byyѧ    a   Saannѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in shooting outside a concert sponsored by a San
2001687
Francisco radio station . The second is that they fuelled
Franisco rao station . the secondgis that they uelled
ѧFrrѧannciiscѧoѧ   rѧadѧ   sttѧattiioonѧ   .ѧ   Thee    seccѧonndѧ  ѧiss    thѧatѧ   ttheeyѧ   ѧѧelѧlѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Francisco rad station . The second is that they elled
2001688
a credit bubble by keeping money too cheap for too
a credit bubblgbfykeepwing mofneky too cheap for oo
ѧa   crrѧedѧiitt   ѧbubѧbѧlee  ofѧy  kkeѧepѧѧѧiinngѧ   ѧmoѧѧnѧѧeѧѧyѧ    toѧo   chheeaapѧ   fforr  toѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a credit bubble ofy keeping money too cheap for too
2001689
long . Sabban took credit for driving Dulmatin and
long . Sabban took cyedit fwor driving Dulmnatin and
llѧonngѧ   .   Sѧabѧbѧѧanѧ    toѧokѧ   crrredѧiitt    fѧѧorѧ   drrѧivѧѧinngѧ   Dѧulѧѧѧnѧѧattiinn   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
long . Sabban took credit for driving Dulnatin and
2001690
his followers from the Philippines . " We also took
hihs follwers from the Philippines  " We also took
ѧhѧiѧѧsѧ    folѧlowѧѧerrss   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   Phhiilѧiipѧpѧiinneess  .  "   WWe  aalѧsѧoѧ   ѧtoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
his followers from the Philippines . " We also took
2001691
the opportunity to raise our broader trade-related
the opportunity toraise ou brjoarer trade-related
ѧtthee   opѧpѧѧorttѧuunѧiittyy  tto  rraiisѧeѧ   ouѧr  bbrѧѧѧoѧarѧeerѧ   trraadѧee--rreellaatteedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the opportunity to raise our broarer trade-related
2001692
concerns , such as indigenous innovation , " she said
concerns ,auch as indigenwous finmovation s " she said
ccѧonѧcѧeerrnѧss  ,  ssucѧhѧ   as    inѧdѧѧigѧѧenѧѧѧoouusѧ    ѧinѧnѧѧovѧѧattiioonѧ   ,   "    shee   ssaiѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
concerns , such as indigenous innovation , " she said
2001693
, referring to Beijing 's buy-Chinese directives that
, refeoiring to Beijingns buy-Chinese directijes that
,,   reefѧѧeѧѧѧѧrѧiinngg   tto   Bѧeiijѧiinngѧѧѧss   bbuyѧѧ-ѧChhѧinѧѧesѧeѧ   ddirѧeecѧttѧivѧeѧss    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, refering to Beijings buy-Chinese directives that
2001694
US businesses in China cite as a major and growing
US buinesses in Chna citezas a major ankd grwing
ѧUѧSѧ  bbusinnnesѧseeess   inѧ   Chhinna   ѧcitteѧ  ѧasѧ   a   mmajѧoorr   annѧѧdѧ   growѧѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
US businesses in China cite as a major and growing
2001695
trade barrier . It is the six powers ' first meeting
trae barrier . It is the gixp pojwers 'flirst smeeting
ѧtrrѧade   ѧbarѧrѧiieerѧ   .   Itѧ   iss   tthee   ѧgixѧѧѧ   pѧowѧѧѧeerrss  ''  fffirѧsstѧ    mѧѧeѧetѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
trade barrier . It is the gix powers ' first meeting
2001696
with Iran since July 2008 . " The portfolio that we
withyIlran sinc July d008 . " The portfoliro thqt we
wwѧitthѧ  ѧIѧѧrѧaanѧ   ssinncee  JJulѧyѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8   .   "   TThee   pporѧtѧffѧolѧiioѧsѧ    thѧatѧ   ѧweѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with Iran since July 2008 . " The portfolios that we
2001697
ended up with is one that no reasonable adviser would
jwnded uo with i one that no reasonae advise would
ѧѧѧenndѧѧedѧ   upѧ   wwitth    it  onѧee    thѧatѧ   ѧno   reeaassѧonnaage   adѧvѧѧisѧeer   wouulldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ended up with it one that no reasonage adviser would
2001698
have advised us to hold , " their barrister said .
have avinsedz us to holl , " theic barrister soid v.
ѧhѧavѧeѧ   avvѧinѧѧѧeeddѧ    usѧ   tto   hѧolѧlѧ   ,   "   ttheeeirѧ   ѧbarѧrѧѧisstѧѧerѧ   ssaiѧdd    ..ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have avined us to holl , " their barrister said .
2001699
strategy and operations as it continues its rapid rate
stateg and operations as it continubs ios rapid ate
ѧsttѧatѧeeѧѧ   anѧdѧ   opѧeerѧaattiioonѧss   asѧ   itѧ   cconѧtѧѧinѧueeesѧ   iѧѧsѧ   rѧapѧiidѧ   atteeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
state and operations as it continues is rapid ate
2001700
of growth. management consulting company specializing
ofi growth. management consultin copany specializin
ѧofѧѧ    grrѧowѧtthѧѧ..  ѧmanѧaagѧeemmeenѧtѧ   cconѧsѧѧulѧttiingg  ccomppanѧyy   sspeecѧiiaalѧiizѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of growth. management consulting company specializing
2001701
in strategy and corporate training. telecommunications
in strategy ndcorhtorate trainizh. telecommumnications
ѧinѧ   sstrrѧatѧeegѧyy   and ѧѧorѧѧѧtѧѧorrѧatѧee   trraaiinѧѧinѧhѧѧ..  ѧtelѧeeccѧomѧmѧѧuѧnnѧiicѧaattiioonѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in strategy and ortorate traininh. telecommunications
2001702
systems among the world 's continents. information
systems hamng the rl 's conxinrns. information
sssysѧtteemѧss   haamѧiingg  tthee  ralѧl  'ss   cconѧtѧiinueeenss...  inѧffѧorrmѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
systems haming the rall 's continuens. information
2001703
, visit us at www.ezcomsoftware.com or call 877.765.3564
, vjsit us at ww.ezhxcomsofktware.com or call 877.765.3564
,,   vvisѧiitѧ   uss   atѧ  ѧwѧwѧw..zѧhhѧѧccѧomѧssѧofѧѧѧѧѧwwѧarѧee..cѧѧomѧ   orr   ѧcalѧlѧ   8ѧ7ѧ7ѧ.ѧ7ѧ6ѧ5ѧ..3ѧ5ѧ6ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, visit us at www.zhcomsofware.com or call 877.765.3564
2001704
. A third vehicle , Ms. Miyagi , will arrive later
.  third vehicle , Ms. Miyagic, will arrmive later
..  A  tthѧirѧdѧ    vehhѧicѧlleѧ   ,   MMs...  MMiyѧѧagѧѧic  ,,   wilѧlѧ   arѧrrѧѧiivѧee   ѧlatteerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. A third vehicle , Ms. Miyagic , will arrive later
2001705
this month and offer Asian Fusion cuisine at a location
thys monto and orffer zsian Fusion cuivsine at a locaio
ѧtthѧisѧ   ѧmonѧthhѧ   anѧdѧ   oѧѧfѧfѧѧerѧ   Isѧѧiaanѧ   Fuusѧiioonѧ   ѧcѧѧiѧѧsѧѧinѧeѧ   atѧ   a   ѧlocѧaatioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this month and offer Isian Fusion cisine at a location
2001706
yet to be named . The Virginia Housing Development
yt to becnaed . The Virginia Housing Devewopment
yitt   ttoѧ bbeecѧnnaamedd   .   TThee   Vѧirѧgѧѧinѧiiaѧ   Hѧouusѧiinngg   Deevѧeelѧѧopѧmmeenntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
yit to becnamed . The Virginia Housing Development
2001707
Agency stopped issuing bonds in December 2008 " due
Atgency stopped issuineog bondsi in December sp008 " due
ѧAѧѧgѧѧenncѧyѧ   stѧѧopѧpѧeedѧ   isѧsѧuuѧinngѧѧѧѧ    ѧbonndѧssѧ    inѧ   Dѧecceemѧbѧeerr     2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8   "   ѧdueeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Agency stopped issuing bonds in December 2008 " due
2001708
to market conditions adverse to housing " and slowed
to mrrket conditigns avverse tu houing " and slowed
ѧtto   ѧmarѧkѧeetѧ    conѧdѧѧittiioonnss   adѧvѧeerѧsѧee   too   hѧouѧsiingg   "   anѧdѧ   slѧѧowѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to market conditions adverse to housing " and slowed
2001709
production of new loans , according to an agency statement
production ho nerw lans , according tq an aghency statemment
ѧprrrodѧѧuccttiioonѧ   tѧoѧ  ѧnewѧѧѧ   planѧss   ,   acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinngg  ttoo  aanѧ  aaggѧѧeenncѧyѧ   sttѧatteeѧmmѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
production to new plans , according to an agency statement
2001710
. " You will no longer manipulate anyone , " said Francis
. " You wtlnl olonger manpulae anyoneu , " aid Francis
..   "   Yѧouѧ   wwiѧѧlѧѧѧ    lllonngѧeerr   mmanѧѧѧѧullѧate   annyyѧonѧeeѧѧ   ,   "  saiѧdѧ   Frrѧanncѧiissѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " You wil longer manulate anyone , " said Francis
2001711
Nachbar , the state prosecutor , addressing Fourniret
Nacqbar , the state prvseutorb, addressingFourneirei
ѧNѧaѧѧѧѧbѧѧarѧ   ,    thee   sttѧatѧee   prrѧosѧeecutttorѧѧ  ,,  adѧdѧrreesѧsѧiingg  Fѧoѧurѧnѧeeiѧrѧѧeiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Nabar , the state prosecutor , addressing Fourneirei
2001712
, who has admitted charges of abducting , raping and
, who has ajdmitnted charges o abdrucoting  raping and
,,    whoo   hѧasѧ   aaѧdѧmѧѧitѧѧѧtѧeedѧ   chhѧarѧgѧeesѧ   of  abѧdѧrѧѧucѧѧѧtѧiinngѧ  ,  rѧapѧiinngѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, who has admitted charges of abdructing , raping and
2001713
murdering seven girls and women . If they wanted to
murdering seoven girls and wome. If hey wanted tm
mmѧurѧdѧeerriinngg    sѧѧevveenѧ   ggirѧlѧss   anѧdѧ   ѧwommeen .  If   thheyѧ   wwanѧtѧѧedѧ   tooѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
murdering seven girls and women . If they wanted to
2001714
pick a Pei building , why not Kips Bay ? Saviano :
pzck g Pei building , whu not Kips Bay ? avano :
ѧpѧicckѧ   .   Pѧeiѧѧ  bbuiilѧdѧiinngѧ   ,   wwhoѧ   ѧnotѧ   Kѧipѧss   Bѧayy   ?   avvѧanѧoѧ   :ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pick . Pei building , who not Kips Bay ? avano :
2001715
If only ! Although it relaxes some fighting rules ,
If only ! Although iq relaxes som fightigyrules ,
ѧIfѧ   onnllyy   !ѧ  Alѧtthhoouughh    itѧ   reellѧaxѧѧess   ssomee  ffigѧhhtѧiingg  rѧulѧeess   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
If only ! Although it relaxes some fighting rules ,
2001716
it also requires stricter regulations for such things
it jlso requires sktricte regmlbations fo sch thxings
ѧitѧ   allssoѧ   reeqquuiirѧeesѧ   ssѧttrrѧicѧtѧee   rѧegѧѧulѧѧѧaattiioonѧss   ffor succhѧ   tthѧѧiinngѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
it also requires stricte regulations for such things
2001717
as licensing , insurance and medical screening . This
as licetsing , insuranceh and efdical screenin . Ths
ѧasѧ   ѧliccѧenѧsѧiinngѧ   ,   inѧsѧѧurrѧanncceeѧ    anѧd    mfedѧiicѧaalѧ   sccrrѧeѧenѧiingg  .   TThisѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
as licensing , insurance and mfedical screening . This
2001718
article was first published on guardian.co.uk at 23.04
article was ficrst publshed on guardin.cy.uk at 2h3.04
aarѧttѧicѧlleѧ   ѧwasѧ   ffiirrѧsѧtѧ   puubblisshheedѧ   onѧ   ѧguѧarrdѧiaaѧѧ.ccѧѧ...ukѧ   atѧ   2ѧѧѧ3...0ѧ4ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
article was first published on guardia.c.uk at 23.04
2001719
BST on Thursday 16 July 2009 . The Government confirmed
BST on Thursday d6 July 2009 . The Governyrment confirmed
ѧBѧSѧT   onѧ   TThuurrssdѧaayѧ   1ѧ6ѧ  JJulѧyy   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ9   .   TThee   GGovѧeerrnѧѧѧѧmmѧeenttѧ   cconѧfѧѧirѧmѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
BST on Thursday 16 July 2009 . The Government confirmed
2001720
today that the scheme has cost the taxpayer 2.5 million
totay that the scheme hascostq thej jgaxzayer 2.5 million
ѧtѧodѧѧayѧ    thѧatѧ    thee   sschhѧemѧee   hѧas  ѧcossttѧ    ttheee     gѧѧaxѧѧѧѧayѧeerѧ  ѧ2ѧ..5ѧ  ѧmilѧlѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
today that the scheme has cost the gaxayer 2.5 million
2001721
. When a town in Rhne-Alpes ran a trial women-only
. When a town in Rhne-Alpes ran a trial women-only
..   WWhѧenѧ   a    towѧnѧ   inѧ   Rhinneeѧ-ѧAlѧpѧeesѧ   rѧanѧ   a   trriiaalѧ   ѧwomѧѧennѧ-ѧonѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. When a town in Rhine-Alpes ran a trial women-only
2001722
swimming session at a public pool last year , a local
swimmingzsession at a publiac pool las near , a local
ѧswѧѧimѧmѧѧinngѧ  ssѧesѧsѧiioonѧ   atѧ   a   ppubblliiiѧcѧ   pѧoѧolѧ   ѧlastt   yeaarѧ   ,   a   ѧlocѧѧalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
swimming session at a public pool last year , a local
2001723
councillor from Nicolas Sarkozy 's ruling centre-right
councillor from Noicoias Sarkczy 's ruling centve-rigght
ccѧouunѧcѧiilѧlѧѧorѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Nѧoѧicѧѧolѧaasѧ   Sѧarѧkѧѧѧzѧyy   'ss   rѧulѧiinngg   ccenѧtѧreeѧ--ѧrѧiigghhttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
councillor from Noicolas Sarkzy 's ruling centre-right
2001724
UMP party denounced it as the takeover of a secular
UMPeparty denounciedit as the takeover o a sezular
ѧUѧMѧP  ppѧarѧtѧyy   ddenѧѧouunѧcѧѧѧeed  itѧ   asѧ   tthee   ѧtakѧeѧѧovѧeerѧ   of  a   ssecѧuulѧaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
UMP party denounced it as the takeover of a secular
2001725
, republican public space for religious reasons . Mayor
, republican public spahe for religious reasons . Mayor
,,   reeppuubblliicѧaanѧ   ppubblliicѧ   sppѧacѧeѧ   fforr   rrelѧѧigѧiioouusѧ   reeaassѧonnss   .   MMayѧѧorrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, republican public space for religious reasons . Mayor
2001726
Adrian M. Fenty held a sparsely attended public hearing
uAdrian M. Fentyw held a scparsely attenfed public hearig
ѧѧѧAddrriiaanѧ   Mѧ..  Fѧenѧtѧyyѧѧ   hѧelldd   a   ssѧhѧѧarѧsѧeellyy   atѧtѧѧenѧdѧѧedѧ   ppubblliicѧ   heeaarѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Adrian M. Fenty held a sharsely attended public hearing
2001727
today on spending plans for the school system , despite
etoday eon spendng plans for the spchool system , dspite
ѧѧtѧѧoddѧayѧ    ѧonѧ   sppѧenѧdѧiing   pllaanѧss   fforѧ   tthee   ssѧcchhѧoѧolѧ   ssysѧtteemѧ   ,  ddesppѧitѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
today on spending plans for the school system , despite
2001728
complaints and a lawsuit over whether the city should
complaionts and  lawsumit over whther the ciy swould
cѧѧomѧppllaaiiinnѧtѧsѧ   anѧd   a   lawѧsѧuuѧѧiitt   ovѧѧerѧ   whhettheerr   tthee   ѧcity    wwѧouullddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
complaints and a lawsuit over whether the city would
2001729
release a budget plan for review before soliciting
release aabutget xlan for review ebefor solicining
ѧrrelѧeeaasѧee  aa  bboutѧgggett   pllaanѧ   fforr   reevviiѧewѧ    bbѧeffforre  ssolѧiicѧiinѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
release a boutget plan for review before solicining
2001730
feedback . Mr Fischer said he had encountered similar
feedback . MrrFiscoer said he had encountaed similar
fѧѧeѧedѧbbѧacѧkѧ   .   MMrѧ  Fѧisѧcѧѧoѧerѧ   ssaiѧdѧ   hee   hѧadѧ   enѧcѧѧouunѧtѧѧѧeedѧ    simѧѧilѧaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
feedback . Mr Fiscoer said he had encounted similar
2001731
views during his talks with other EU national leaders
dimewn dring his talks with other EU natioil leaders
dѧѧimmѧeѧnnѧ   durѧinngg   hhisѧ   ttalѧkѧss   wwitth    otthheerr   EѧUѧ  ѧnattiioonalѧ   ѧleaadѧѧerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
dimen during his talks with other EU national leaders
2001732
ahead of next week 's summit . Antawn Jamison added
ahsead dof nextxweev 's summit .AgtawnaJamison added
ѧaѧhhѧeeaѧdѧ    ѧofѧ    nexѧtѧ   wѧeѧekѧ   'ss   ѧsumѧmѧѧitѧ  .  Agѧtѧѧawѧnnѧ  Jѧamѧiѧssѧonn   adѧdѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ahead of next week 's summit . Agtawn Jamison added
2001733
23 points for the Wizards . I 've done without and
23 points or the Wizds . I 'vt done without and
22ѧ3ѧ  ppoiinntѧss  forѧ   tthee   WWirѧddss   .   I  ''vѧt    ddonѧee    witthhoouutѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
23 points for the Wirds . I 'vt done without and
2001734
continue to do without . About half of global greenhouse
contknue to do without . About half of lobal greenhouse
ccѧonѧtѧѧinѧuuee   ttoѧ  ѧdo    witthhѧouutѧ   .   Abѧѧouutѧ   hhalѧfѧ   ofѧ   globѧѧalѧ   grrѧeѧennhhhouusѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
continue to do without . About half of global greenhouse
2001735
gas emissions come from less than a billion of the
gasemilsions come inrom wess than a biqclion of othe
gѧѧasѧeemmѧilѧlѧiioonѧss   ѧcomѧee   in frѧomѧ   ѧlesѧsѧ   tthѧanѧ   a   bbiѧѧlѧlѧiioonѧ   ofѧ    tttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
gasemillions come in from less than a billion of the
2001736
world 's inhabitants , the researchers noted in explaining
kworld's inhhabtants , the researchers noed in ebxplaining
ѧѧwѧѧorѧlld  'ss   inѧhѧhѧaabѧtѧѧanѧtѧss   ,   tthee   reesseeaarccchѧeerrss   ѧnotedd   inѧ   exxxѧppllaaiinѧiinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
world 's inhhabtants , the researchers noted in explaining
2001737
the logic behind their approach . In another raid in
the logic rcnd teir approach . In anothei rai in
ѧtthee   ѧlogѧiicѧ   ѧѧanndѧ  ttheeirѧ   apѧpprrooaacchh   .   Inѧ   annѧotthheerѧ   raaiѧn  inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the logic and their approach . In another rain in
2001738
Tikrit , another member of the cell was detained and
Tikrit , another emegtrpof the cell as detained and
ѧTTikѧrѧiitt   ,   annѧotthheerr   emѧѧerѧѧorѧѧ  ofѧ   tthee   ѧcelѧlѧ   asѧ    dettaaiinѧeedѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Tikrit , another emeror of the cell as detained and
2001739
a weapons cache was found outside his house . The Times
a weaonsccach was found otsido his house . The Times
ѧa   ѧweaaponnѧsѧccѧѧacchѧ   ѧwasѧ   ѧfouunѧdѧ  ouutѧsѧidѧeѧ   hhisѧ   hѧouusѧeѧ   .   TThee   TTimѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a weaponscach was found outside his house . The Times
2001740
source also reportedly said that the money was sent
source cwlso reportedly saibd that th honey was seng
ssѧouurѧceeѧ    aalѧssoѧ   rrepѧѧorѧtѧeedѧllyy    saiiѧѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   thhe  hѧonѧeeyy   ѧwasѧ   sseѧnngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
source also reportedly said that the honey was seng
2001741
in exchange for unused footage that Midline had from
n exvchange forunused footage that Mdine had from
ann  exxѧѧcchhѧanѧgѧee   ffor  unѧѧusѧeedѧ   ffoѧottaagѧee    thѧatѧ   Mediinnee   hѧadѧ   ffrѧomѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an exchange for unused footage that Medine had from
2001742
Hunter 's " webisodes " about Edwards . The Wizards
Huntey s "v wbisodej " abaout Edwards .Te Wizards
ѧHѧunѧtѧѧeyѧ   's  "     abbiisѧѧodѧeeѧѧ   "   aaѧbѧѧouutѧ   Eddwwѧarѧdѧss  .  Thee  Wѧizѧѧarѧdѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Huntey 's " abisode " about Edwards . The Wizards
2001743
were expected to make a statement later Thursday ,
weredexpected zto make a statement later Thursday ,
wwѧerree   exѧpѧѧecѧtѧeedѧ    ttoo   ѧmakѧee   a   sttѧateeemmeenѧtѧ   ѧlatteerѧ   TThuurrssddaayѧ   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were expected to make a statement later Thursday ,
2001744
and the doctor and team president Ernie Grunfeld were
and tthe doctor andfteam pressiwent rnie Grunfeld were
ѧanѧdѧ    tthhee   ѧdocѧtѧѧorѧ   anѧdѧ   tteѧamѧ   pprѧesѧsѧiidѧeenѧtѧ   ѧѧѧiiee   Grrѧunѧfѧѧelѧdѧ   wwerreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and the doctor and team pressident ie Grunfeld were
2001745
expected to comment Friday . If Blatter 's view is
expected to comentFriday . If Blatter 'vview is
ѧexѧpѧѧecѧtѧeedd   tto   ѧcomѧmenѧt  Frrriddѧayy   .   Ifѧ   Bllѧatѧtѧeerѧ  ''s  vvieewѧ   issѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
expected to comment Friday . If Blatter 's view is
2001746
confirmed it will be a blow to the to the Irish FA
confirmdait will bse a bll ts the to the Iribh FA
ccѧonѧfѧѧirѧmedd   itt    wilѧlѧ   bbeee   a  balѧlѧ   aso   ttheem  ttoѧ   thee   Irrѧisѧhѧ   FѧAѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
confirmed it will be a ball aso them to the Irish FA
2001747
. But while few public events are planned to mark the
.But whivlr fzw pudlicevents are aplanned to mark the
.  Bѧutѧ    whѧicѧeѧѧѧ   ffewѧ   ppubblliicѧ evѧeenѧtѧss   arѧee    ppllaanѧnѧeedѧ   tto   ѧmarѧkѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But whice few public events are planned to mark the
2001748
anniversary , the lessons of the date are not lost
anniversary , thhex lessons oc te aakt arze not lost
ѧanѧnѧiivѧeerrsѧѧarѧyy   ,    thhѧeeѧѧ   ѧlesѧsѧѧonѧss   ofѧ   the   aaacѧtt   arrѧѧeѧ   ѧnotѧ   llosѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
anniversary , the lessons of the act are not lost
2001749
on those whose parents were not even born the day Hitler
on those twhuse parents were not even jorn the daay Hitler
ѧonѧ   tthhosѧeѧ    tѧhhѧusѧeѧ   pѧarѧeenѧtѧss   wwerreѧ   ѧnotѧ   evѧeenѧ    ѧoѧѧnѧ   tthee   ѧdaaѧyy   Hѧitѧlleerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on those thuse parents were not even on the day Hitler
2001750
was appointed . LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - Now when the Oscars
was appointed b LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - Nfw when bthe sscmarhs
wѧѧasѧ   apѧpѧѧoiinѧtѧeedѧ   .   LѧOѧS  ѧAѧNѧGѧEELѧEES   (   APPP  )  --ѧ  Nѧewѧ    whѧenѧ    ѧthhee   ssscchѧѧarѧѧѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was appointed . LOS ANGELES ( AP ) - New when the schars
2001751
musicians play winners offstage , they might get the
msiciany play winners ozfstage , they migxht get the
musѧiicѧiiaanѧѧѧ   pllѧayѧ   ѧwinѧnѧѧerѧss   oѧѧfѧ sttѧagѧeѧ   ,    theeyѧ    migghhѧѧtѧ   ѧgett   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
musician play winners of stage , they might get the
2001752
chance to glare a little bit , too . The prime minister
chancte roglgre a little bit ,ctoo . Theprime miyister
ѧchhѧanncѧѧeeѧ   rѧoѧѧlѧgѧrѧeѧ   a   ѧlitѧtѧlleѧ   ѧbitѧ  ,,   ttoѧo   ..  Thhe  prrѧimѧeѧ   ѧminѧiisttѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
chance rolgre a little bit , too . The prime minister
2001753
also left open the possibility of a delay . Silver
aso left open the posscibility of a dljy . Siler
aalsoo   llefѧtѧ   opѧeenѧ   tthee   pposѧssѧѧiibѧiilѧiittyy   ofѧ   a  ddaaѧayy   .   SSilѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
also left open the possibility of a daay . Siler
2001754
hit a 28-year high of 21.24 a troy ounce in March 2008
hpitsa e8-year hish ofh21.24 a trsoy ounce jin March 2008
ѧѧhѧѧitts  a    ѧ8ѧ--yѧeaarѧ   hѧisѧhѧ   ofѧ  ѧ2ѧ1...2ѧ4ѧ  a   trrѧѧѧoyѧ   ouunѧcѧeѧ    ѧinn   MMarѧchhѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ8ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
hits a 8-year hish of 21.24 a troy ounce in March 2008
2001755
. A former health minister , Kan gained prominence
. p former health minitbr , Kan gained lprtominence
..   A   fforrmѧeerѧ   heeaalѧthhѧ   ѧminѧisstѧerr   ,   Kѧanѧ   ѧgaiѧnѧeedѧ    ppprrѧѧomѧѧinѧѧenncѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. A former health minister , Kan gained prominence
2001756
in Japan for exposing in 1996 a government cover-up
inv Japan for exposing in 1996 xa goeebnmentt covcr-up
ѧinѧѧ    Jѧapѧaanѧ   fforr   exxppѧosѧiinngg   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ9ѧ6     a   ggoveeernnnmmeenntѧѧ    ѧcovvѧerѧ--ѧupѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Japan for exposing in 1996 a government cover-up
2001757
of HIV-tainted blood products that caused thousands
ofv HpIV-tainted blood prodcts thag caused thusands
ѧofѧѧ    HѧѧѧIѧVѧ-ѧttaiinѧtѧeedѧ   bllѧoѧodѧ   prrooduccttss    thѧatѧ   ccauѧsѧeedѧ   thhouussanndѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of HIV-tainted blood products that caused thousands
2001758
of hemophilia patients to contract the virus that causes
of hemophilia patifents topconfrac the virus that causes
ѧofѧ   heemѧѧopphѧiilѧiiaѧ   pѧattiiѧѧeenѧtѧss   tto  ccconѧfѧrrѧacѧt  tthee   ѧvirѧuuss    thѧatѧ   ccauѧsѧeesѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of hemophilia patients to confract the virus that causes
2001759
AIDS . The most popular coping mechanism used by Canadians
AIDS . The most popular eopini mechanism used by Canadians
ѧAѧIѧDѧSѧ  .   TThee   ѧmosѧtѧ   pѧopѧѧulѧѧarѧ   ѧѧopѧѧinѧiѧ   ѧmecchhaanѧiissmѧ   usѧeedѧ   byy   CCanѧaadѧiiaanѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
AIDS . The most popular opini mechanism used by Canadians
2001760
for headache pain management is over-the-counter medication
for headavche paiq manigemet xs over-the-countermedication
ffѧorr   heeaaddѧaѧѧcchѧee   pѧaiinѧ   ѧmannѧagѧeemmeentt  'sѧ   ovѧeerr--ѧthhee--ccѧouunѧtѧeerѧmmѧedѧiicѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for headache pain management 's over-the-countermedication
2001761
-- used by 44 percent . The Commission is expecting
--gusedb bxy 44 dbercent . The Cmmissio is sexpecting
ѧ-ѧ-  uusseedd     bbyy   ѧ4ѧ4ѧ   ppeerѧcceenntѧ   .   TThee   Coomѧmisѧsѧiionn  iss    ѧexѧpѧѧecѧtѧѧinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-- used by 44 percent . The Commission is expecting
2001762
to publish its final report in mid-January . The mayor
to publish its figznal eport in mid-January.Thel mayor
ѧtto   ppubѧllѧisѧhѧ   ittss   ffigѧѧinѧaalѧ  reppѧorrtѧ   inѧ   ѧmiddѧ-ѧJѧanѧuuaarѧy ...TTheeeѧ   ѧmayѧѧorrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to publish its figinal report in mid-January .The mayor
2001763
said Lieutenant Martinson had come from a family of
aaud Lieutenanpt Martinson had come frjom a famil of
ѧaaanѧdѧ   Lѧieeuutѧeenѧѧannѧѧtѧ   MMarѧtѧѧinѧssѧonn   hѧadѧ   ccomѧee   ffrrroomѧ   a    famѧiilly  ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Lieutenant Martinson had come from a family of
2001764
public servants , noting this father , also named John
ptblic hserhants , noting ths father ,also named ohn
ѧppubblliicѧ   ѧhѧeerѧgѧѧanѧtѧss   ,   ѧnotѧiinngg   tthee   ffatthheerѧ  ,, alѧsѧoѧ   ѧnamѧeedѧ   oѧѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
public hergants , noting the father , also named on
2001765
, was also a firefighter and that his brother , Steven
 was also a firehfighter and that hiqs brother , Steven
,  ѧwasѧ   alѧsѧoѧ   a   ffirѧeeѧѧffѧigghhtѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ    thѧatѧ   hhiѧѧsѧ   brrѧotthѧeerr   ,   Sttѧevѧeenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, was also a firefighter and that his brother , Steven
2001766
, is a public school teacher . Lil Jon told Access
, is a publicvschol teacher . Lil Jqo vtold Accs
,,   isѧ   a   ppubblliicѧ  sscchoѧolѧ   tteaachhheerr   .   Liilѧ   Jѧooo     ttolldѧ   Acѧcѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, is a public school teacher . Lil Jo told Accs
2001767
that Cyrus ' friends have been calling him by mistake
lat Cyrus 'frfends have beenecalling him by mistvake
ѧѧѧatt   Cѧyrruuss  '' ffrѧiѧenѧdѧss   hhavѧeѧ   bbeѧen   ccѧalѧlѧiinngѧ   hѧimѧ   byy   ѧmisstttѧѧakѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at Cyrus ' friends have been calling him by mistake
2001768
, but he 's planning on keeping the line . Earlier
, but he 's plrnning on kweepingrthpe line  Earlier
,,   bbutѧ   hee   'ss   plѧѧanѧnѧiinngѧ   onѧ    kѧѧeѧepѧѧinngѧ   tthѧeeѧ   ѧlinѧeѧ  .  Eaarrlliѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, but he 's planning on keeping the line . Earlier
2001769
this week , Ahmadinejad insisted that inflation stood
this weekg, fAhmadinejad insited that inflationnn smaood
ѧtthѧisѧ   wweѧekѧ   ,,    Ahhmmѧadѧѧinѧѧejѧaadѧ   inѧsѧѧisttedd    thѧatѧ   inѧffllѧattiiionnѧnѧѧ   ssѧѧѧѧoѧodѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
this week , Ahmadinejad insisted that inflationn sood
2001770
at 15 percent--lower than the 25 percent widely reported
at 15fperceynt--lowec than bh 25 percent widelyl reaorted
ѧatѧ   1ѧ5ѧ  peerrcceeennѧtѧѧ-ѧ-llѧowѧeerr   tthѧanѧ   bhѧ   2ѧ5ѧ  peerѧcceenѧtѧ   ѧwidѧeѧllyyѧѧ   reepѧѧorrtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at 15 percent--lower than bh 25 percent widely reported
2001771
by financial officials . ( DUBLIN , Ireland ) -- Diplomats
by financciolvoficials j. ( DUBLIN , Irelandm ) -- Diplomats
ѧbyy   ѧfinѧaanncccѧiѧaѧlѧ  ѧofѧficciiaalѧss    ..   (   DѧUѧBѧLѧIѧNѧ  ,   Irreellѧanndѧѧѧ   )   -ѧ-   Diippllѧomѧaatѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by financial officials . ( DUBLIN , Ireland ) -- Diplomats
2001772
from more than 100 nations agreed on a treaty Wednesday
from more than 100 nations agreed on asetreaty Wednesay
ѧffrѧomѧ    morѧeѧ   tthѧanѧ   1ѧ0ѧ0ѧ  ѧnattiioonѧss   agѧrrѧeѧedd   onѧ   a   ѧttrreeaattyѧ   WWedѧnnessddayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
from more than 100 nations agreed on a treaty Wednesday
2001773
to ban current types of cluster bombs and require the
toban scurrent twpes of cluster bombsh and rewruire the
ѧtѧo ѧѧanѧ    ccѧurѧrѧeenѧtѧ   ttipѧeess   ofѧ   cllѧusѧtѧeerѧ   ѧbomѧbѧssѧѧ   anѧdѧ   reeeѧqѧuuiirѧee   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to an current tipes of cluster bombs and require the
2001774
destruction of stockpiles within eight years . One
desruutial of stockpiles within eight yeaes . Oe
dѧѧesѧtrѧuuuttiiionѧ   ofѧ   sttѧocѧkѧppѧilѧeess    witthhѧinѧ   eeigghttѧ   yyeaarrss   .   Oneeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
destrution of stockpiles within eight years . One
2001775
of the origins of the naturalization speedup was a
of tre originv of the natbralizatiopn sfeenvdup was a
ѧofѧ   thhee   orѧѧigѧiinnѧѧ   ofѧ   tthee   ѧnattѧurѧaalѧѧizѧѧattiiionnnѧ   ssѧѧeѧenѧѧѧd ѧupѧ    wasѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the origin of the naturalization seend up was a
2001776
meeting between Clinton and Daniel Solis , who was
meeting between Clinon and ianiel wolis , whownas
mmѧeѧetѧiinngg   bbettwwѧeѧen    CClѧinѧtonn   anѧd   Miaanѧiieelѧ   ѧColѧiiss   ,   wwhoo  wѧѧassѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
meeting between Clinton and Mianiel Colis , who was
2001777
then head of a group called United Neighborhood Organization
then head of a group alled United Neighbokrhood Organization
ѧtthѧee    heeaadѧ   ofѧ   a   grrѧouupѧ  calѧlѧѧedѧ   Unniitteedѧ   Nѧeiighhѧbѧooѧrrѧhhѧoѧodѧ   Orrgѧaanѧiizѧaattiioonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the head of a group called United Neighborhood Organization
2001778
in Chicago and is now a Democratic alderman in Chicago
bn Chicago and isjnow a Dxmocric alderman in Chicao
ѧinѧ   Chhiicѧaagѧoѧ   anѧdѧ   isѧ  nnѧowѧ   a   DDemѧѧocѧrѧticѧ   alѧdѧѧerѧmmѧanѧ   inѧ   Chhiicѧaagoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Chicago and is now a Democrtic alderman in Chicago
2001779
. The pleas prompted another fine from the NFL but
 he pleas przmpeda anotherxfine from the NFL but
,  hee   plleeaass   prrѧomѧpѧeedd     annѧotthѧeerr  fѧѧinѧeѧ   ffrѧomѧ   tthee   NѧFѧLѧ  bbutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, he pleas promped another fine from the NFL but
2001780
kept his football career intact . He said issues of
keptrhis fooballcareer xntawt . Hh said idsues of
kѧѧepptt   hhiss   ffoѧotbbalѧl  ccarѧeeѧerѧ   enѧtѧѧanѧtѧ   .   Hee    saiѧdѧ   isѧsѧuueess   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
kept his football career entant . He said issues of
2001781
parading needed to be resolved before the transfer
paodiigneededcto be resoled bbyfore the transfer
ѧpѧarѧdѧiiiin  nneѧedѧѧedd   tto   bee  rreessѧolѧveed   bbbeeffѧorѧee   tthee   trrѧanѧsѧfѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pardin needed to be resolved before the transfer
2001782
of policing and justice power to the NI Assembly could
of policing and juskticq power to the NI Assembly could
ѧofѧ   ppolѧѧicѧiinngѧ   anѧdѧ   ѧjussѧѧttѧicѧeѧ   pѧowѧeerr   tto    thee  ѧNѧIѧ  Asѧsѧѧemѧbbllyy    couullddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of policing and justice power to the NI Assembly could
2001783
take place . At the same time , on the same day that
taku plae.At the same time ,i on the snams day that
ѧtѧakkeѧ   pllѧaye . Atѧ   tthee    samѧeѧ   ttimѧeѧ  ,,     onѧ   tthee   snѧѧamѧeѧ   ѧdayѧ    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
take playe . At the same time , on the sname day that
2001784
's probably the most important in his career , he shows
's probabkly thew mfost important in hisi caeer ,he shows
''sѧ   prrѧobѧѧabѧѧlllyѧ    thѧeeѧ    mѧѧosѧtѧ   imѧppѧorttѧѧanѧtѧ   inѧ   hhisѧѧ    ccareѧerr  ,  hhe   shhѧowѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's probably the most important in his career , he shows
2001785
up armed to buy machine guns and silencers . There
up armed to bvi fmachine guns andsilencers .There
ѧupѧ   arѧmѧeedѧ   tto   bbeeѧ    mmѧacchѧiinѧee   ѧgunѧss   anѧd  ssilѧѧenѧcѧeerѧss  .  TTheerreeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
up armed to be machine guns and silencers . There
2001786
's some pretty dazzling visuals and the gameplay --
hs some prettnydazzling isuals ad he kgameplayz --
ѧhas    somѧeѧ   prrѧetѧtѧnѧѧ ddѧazѧzѧlliinngѧ   isѧuuaalѧss   and  thee    gѧѧamѧeѧѧpllѧayѧѧѧ   -ѧ-ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has some prettn dazzling isuals and the gameplay --
2001787
especially the way Spidey flips between aerial battles
espceciallyxtthei way Spidey fslips between aerial battles
ѧessѧppѧeecѧiiaalѧllyyѧ   tthhѧeiѧr  ѧwayѧ   Sppѧidѧeeyѧ    sѧlѧѧipѧss   bbettwwѧeѧen   aaѧerriiaalѧ   bbatѧtѧlleessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
especially their way Spidey slips between aerial battles
2001788
and ground-level combat -- have the folks at Activision
andgruxodund-levezl combat -- hav the folkstat Activistion
ѧanѧdѧ  rrѧuѧѧѧoѧѧѧunѧdѧ--lllevѧѧeѧѧlѧ   ѧcomѧbѧѧatѧ   -ѧ-   hѧave   tthee   ѧfolѧkѧssttѧatt   Acѧttiivѧѧisѧttiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and ruound-level combat -- have the folkstat Activistion
2001789
pretty pumped about this release . Nones and Kehrer
pretty pumped about thisrrelease . Nones and Kehrer
pprrѧetѧtѧyy   pѧumѧpѧeedѧ   abboouutѧ   tthѧisѧ  rrrelѧeeaѧsѧeѧ   .   Nѧonѧeesѧ   anѧdѧ   Kѧehѧrѧѧerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
pretty pumped about this release . Nones and Kehrer
2001790
had been struggling to descend from the 26,810-foot
had been struggling  descepd from the o6,810-foot
ѧhѧadѧ   ѧbeѧenn   sstrrѧugѧgllliinngg  o   desѧcѧѧepѧee   ffrѧomѧ   tthee    ѧ6,,,8ѧ1ѧ0ѧ--fѧoѧotѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
had been struggling o descepe from the 6,810-foot
2001791
mountain since July 16 , when fellow climber Karl Unterkirch
molntain since July p16 ,lahen tfellow cipber Karl hnterkirch
mѧѧouunnttaaiinѧ   ssinnceeѧ   JJulѧyѧ    ѧ1ѧ6  ,,   ѧhhѧenѧ    fѧѧelѧlѧѧowѧ   ccipѧpѧeerѧ   Kaarѧlѧ   Anѧtѧeerѧkѧѧirѧcchѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
mountain since July 16 , hen fellow cipper Karl Anterkirch
2001792
fell to his death in a crevasse . While some members
fellgto is deazh in d crevajse . While some members
fѧѧelѧlѧѧ  too  hiss    deaatthѧ   inѧ   a   crreevѧѧaѧѧsѧee   .   WWhѧilѧeѧ    somѧeѧ   ѧmemѧbѧeerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fell to his death in a crevase . While some members
2001793
of the subcommittee voice support for government imposed
of the subcomittweee voice upport for governmet imposed
ѧofѧ   tthee    subѧcѧѧomѧmitѧtѧtѧѧeѧeeѧ   ѧvoiicѧeѧ  supѧpѧѧorѧtѧ   fforr   ggovveerrnѧmmeent   imѧppѧosѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the subcommitttee voice support for government imposed
2001794
testing standards and penalties for doping , others
testing standards apnd pevnaslxies for dpingj, othrs
ѧttesѧtѧiinngg   sttѧanѧdѧѧarѧdѧss   aaѧnѧdѧ   peeѧѧnѧѧaѧѧlѧѧѧiieess   fforr   dooiiinggѧ  ,,  ottheerrsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
testing standards and penalies for doing , others
2001795
questioned whether it was a matter for legislation
nuestioned whethe im was a matter forr legislation
ѧqquuesѧttiioonѧeedѧ   wwheetthherr hitѧ   ѧwasѧ   a   ѧmatѧtѧeerr   fforrѧ    ѧlegѧiisslѧaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
questioned whether hit was a matter for legislation
2001796
. Sanford also offered his resignation from his position
. Spannord alsg offered his rjignation from his posirhon
..   SSpѧanѧnѧѧorrdѧ   alѧsooѧ   ofѧfѧѧerreedѧ   hhisѧ  resѧiigѧnnaattiioonѧ   ffrѧomѧ   hhiss   pѧosѧittѧiioonnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Spannord also offered his resignation from his position
2001797
as chairman of the Republican Governors Association
a chairman jofythewRepwcublicn Governors zAssociation
ѧaѧ  chhaaiѧrѧmѧѧanѧ    ѧofѧ   ttheee  Rѧeѧѧѧѧpѧuubblliicaann  GGovѧeerrnѧѧorrss     Asѧsѧѧocѧiiaattiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a chairman of the Republican Governors Association
2001798
. The Heat entered Tuesday 's game against Milwaukee
n dhe Heat enteged Tuesday 's gme against Milwaukee
inn   thee   Heeaatt   enѧtѧeerѧeedѧ   TTueessddaayѧ   's   gamѧee   agѧaaiinnsstѧ   Miilѧwwѧauѧkѧѧeѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the Heat entered Tuesday 's game against Milwaukee
2001799
at 27-9 overall and 19-4 since Haslem got hurt . Harlequins
at 27-9q overalql and 19-4 inae Haeslem got hurt . Harequins
ѧatѧ   2ѧ7ѧ-ѧ9ѧ    ovѧeerѧѧalѧlѧѧѧ   anѧd   11ѧ9ѧ-ѧ4ѧ  inѧѧѧee   Hѧaѧesѧlleemѧ   ѧgotѧ   hѧurѧtѧ   .   Hѧarѧeeqѧuuiinѧsѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at 27-9 overall and 19-4 ine Haeslem got hurt . Harequins
2001800
hope to have last summer 's star signing , All Black
hope to ave lastaumlmern 's star signig , All Black
ѧhѧopѧee   tto  havѧee   ѧlasѧt  ѧѧuѧѧlѧmѧeerѧnѧ   'ss   stѧѧarѧ   ssiggnѧiing   ,   Alѧlѧ   Bllѧacѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
hope to have last ulmern 's star signing , All Black
2001801
fly-half Nick Evans , back in the selection mix after
fly-half Nicgk Evans, back ln the sclhection ymix after
ffllyѧ--ѧhhalѧfѧ   Nѧiccѧѧkѧ   Evvѧanѧs  ,,  bbacѧkѧ   inѧ   tthee   sselѧѧѧeecѧttiioonѧ    mѧѧixѧ   afѧtѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
fly-half Nick Evans , back in the selection mix after
2001802
four weeks on the sidelines with an ankle injury .
four wqeks on the sidelinves with ag ankle injury .
fѧѧouurѧ    weѧekkks   onѧ   tthee    sidѧeellѧinѧѧѧeѧss   wwitth   aaѧѧ   anѧkѧlleѧ   inѧjѧuurryy   .ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
four weeks on the sidelines with a ankle injury .
2001803
And Seaver launched the last ball ever thrown at Shea
And Seaveurlauched the last ball eveyhsthsrown at Shea
ѧAnѧdѧ   SSeѧavѧeeѧѧ  llѧauncchѧeedѧ   tthee   llasstѧ   ѧbalѧlѧ   evѧeerѧ  ѧѧѧtѧѧѧѧrѧѧowѧnѧ   atѧ   Shhѧeaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
And Seave launched the last ball ever trown at Shea
2001804
Stadium to Piazza . VALUATION AND RECOMMENDATION -
Stadium to Piazza . VALUATION AND RECOMENDATION -
ѧSttѧadѧiiuumѧ   tto   Pѧiѧazѧzѧaa   .   VѧAѧLѧUѧATTTIѧOѧN   AѧNѧD   RѧEѧCѧOѧMѧEѧNѧDѧATTTIѧOѧN   -ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Stadium to Piazza . VALUATION AND RECOMENDATION -
2001805
Today 's news should see valuations increased by around
Toay 's ews shoudld see valuations increased by around
ѧToodayy   's   newwss   sshѧouulllddѧ    seѧee  ѧvalѧuuaattiioonѧsѧ   inѧccrreeaasѧeedѧ   byy   arrѧouunѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Today 's news should see valuations increased by around
2001806
30p on a long term oil price view of US 50 / bbl and
30p on a lont erm oilbpric view of US x0 b/vbbl band
ѧ3ѧ0ѧp   onѧ   a   ѧlonѧgѧ  terrmѧ   oiѧlѧ ѧpprrѧicѧ   vvieewѧ   ofѧ   UѧS   2ѧ0ѧ    /  bbbblѧ   bbanѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
30p on a long term oil pric view of US 20 / bl band
2001807
underpins our core value of 100p . The PM was defensive
uderpins oozr core value of 100p . The hPM wpas defensive
ѧundderѧpѧѧinѧss   ѧѧoѧѧrѧ   ѧcorѧee   ѧvalѧuѧee   ofѧ   1ѧ0ѧ0ѧp   .   TThee    ѧPѧMѧ   wѧѧasѧ   ddefѧѧenѧsѧѧivѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
underpins or core value of 100p . The PM was defensive
2001808
, argumentative , determined to get his message across
, argumentative , determinedgklo get his mebage across
,,   arѧgѧuummeennttѧattѧivѧeѧ   ,    dettѧerѧmѧѧinѧeedѧ   ttѧoo   ѧgett   hhiss   ѧmerѧaagѧee   acѧrѧѧosѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, argumentative , determined to get his merage across
2001809
by bludgeoning the opposition in to submission . One
b nludgeoning the opposilin n to submisgion . One
bѧy  ѧllѧudѧgѧeeѧonniinngg   tthee   opѧpѧѧosѧiitiioon   in  too    subѧmѧѧisѧsiiioonѧ   .   Onѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by ludgeoning the opposition in to submission . One
2001810
of Angelena 's other students was Willie Mays , a source
of Angelena 'ns otmvr studentsowaas Wlkie Mays , a sourve
ѧofѧ   Anѧgѧeelѧѧenѧaa   ''ѧsѧ   ottheeerr   sttѧudѧeenѧtѧss  wwѧaѧѧsѧ   Wѧalkѧiee   MMayѧsѧ   ,   a   ssouurѧcѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Angelena 's other students was Walkie Mays , a source
2001811
of family pride , which Condoleezza Rice made sure
of family cpride , which Conoleezzga yRice madebsure
ѧofѧ    famѧiillyѧ   ѧpprrѧidѧee   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   CConѧdolѧѧeѧezѧzѧѧѧaa    ѧRѧicѧeѧ    madѧe   sssurѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of family pride , which Condoleezza Rice made sure
2001812
to mention in an early meeting with George W. Bush
to meqthion in any early meeting with Geore W. ush
ѧtto   ѧmeѧѧttѧѧiioonѧ   inѧ  aanѧy    eearrllyy    meѧetѧiinngѧ   wwitth    Geeѧorѧgee  Wѧ.. Busѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to metion in any early meeting with George W. Bush
2001813
, a lover of baseball and the former managing partner
, alovrof ybnasetall and the former managing zpartner
,,  aallѧovѧ   ofѧ   ѧbbѧѧѧassѧetѧѧalѧlѧ   anѧdѧ   tthee   fforrmѧeerѧ   ѧmanѧaagѧiinngg    ppѧarѧtѧnneerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, alov of basetall and the former managing partner
2001814
of the Texas Rangers . But the service was cancelled
of the Texas Rangoers . But the serice was cancelled
ѧofѧ   tthee   TTexѧaas    Rѧanѧgѧѧeeerѧss   .   Bѧutѧ   tthee   sserrvicceѧ   ѧwasѧ   ccanѧcѧѧelѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of the Texas Rangers . But the service was cancelled
2001815
soon afterwards and reintroduced only shortly before
soon aftrakds andg reintroduced only shorly before
sѧѧoѧonn   afѧttrraaaѧdѧss   anѧdѧ     reeѧinѧtѧrrrodѧѧucѧeedѧ   onnllyy   shѧѧorѧtlly   bbeffѧorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
soon aftrads and reintroduced only shortly before
2001816
he reluctantly retired 33 years later , in 1977 . The
he reluctantlw retirevd 33 years latec , in 1977 . The
ѧhee   reelѧѧucctѧѧanѧtѧlly    reetѧѧirѧѧeeedѧ   3ѧ3ѧ  yyeaarѧss   ѧlatѧeerѧ   ,   inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ7ѧ7   .   TTheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he reluctantly retired 33 years later , in 1977 . The
2001817
BBC 's correspondent in Islamabad Orla Guerin says
nBC 's corespondent in Islptmabad Orl Guerinzsays
ѧBѧBѧCC  'ss   ccorѧreesppponѧdѧѧenѧtѧ   inѧ   Isѧlѧpaѧѧmѧaabbѧadd   Orѧlѧ   Guueerѧѧinѧѧ   sayѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
BBC 's correspondent in Islpamabad Orl Guerin says
2001818
the stage is being set for the next round against the
uhe stage is being set for the net roundagains the
tѧhhee   sttѧagѧeѧ   isѧ   bbeѧinngg   ssett   fforr   tthee   ѧnext   rѧouunѧd  aggaaiinnsst  ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the stage is being set for the next round against the
2001819
Taliban . Start with vinegar and the flavors you 're
Taliban t. Start with vinegai and th flavors you 're
ѧTѧalѧiibѧaanѧ    ...  SStѧarѧtѧ   wwitthѧ   ѧvinѧѧegѧѧasѧ   anѧdѧ   thhe  fllѧavѧoorrss    youѧ  ''rѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Taliban . Start with vinegas and the flavors you 're
2001820
adding to it : diced shallots , say , or garlic . "
adding to its: diced shallots , sag , ior garlic . "
ѧadѧdѧѧinngѧ   tto   itts  :   ѧdiccѧedѧ   shѧѧalѧlѧѧotѧss   ,   ssagѧ   ,    oorѧ   ѧgarѧlѧiicѧ   .   "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
adding to its : diced shallots , sag , or garlic . "
2001821
This find may just be a one-off , or it could be harbinger
Thiso fmind mnay justbe aone-off , or it could be harbinger
ѧTThhisѧѧ     fѧѧinѧdѧ   ѧmѧѧayy   ѧjusѧt  bbe    ѧonѧeѧ--ѧofѧfѧ   ,   orѧ   itѧ    couulldѧ   bee   hѧarѧbѧѧinѧgѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
This find may just be one-off , or it could be harbinger
2001822
of establishment in the UK . Gay 6-17 5-6 20 , Warrick
of establishmentw in the UK h. Gay 6-17 5-620 ct Warrick
ѧofѧ   esѧttѧabblliisѧhhmmeenntѧѧѧ   inѧ   tthee   UѧK    ...  GGayy  ѧ6--ѧ1ѧ7   5ѧ-ѧ6ѧ2ѧ0ѧ  ѧѧt   Wѧarѧrѧѧicѧkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of establishment in the UK . Gay 6-17 5-620 t Warrick
2001823
7-14 3-6 17 , Milicic 4-6 3-4 11 , Conley 3-6 0-0 6
7-143-6 b7 , Milicic 4-6 3-4 1 , Conley z3-6x0-0e6
ѧ7ѧ-ѧ1ѧ4ѧ3--ѧ6ѧ   ѧ7ѧ  ,   MMilѧѧicѧѧicѧ   4ѧ-ѧ6ѧ  3--ѧ4   1ѧ  ,   Cѧonѧlleeyy    ѧ3ѧ-ѧ6ѧѧѧ0--ѧ0ѧ6ѧ6ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
7-143-6 7 , Milicic 4-6 3-4 1 , Conley 3-60-066
2001824
, Navarro 6-12 3-4 17 , Lowry 3-8 2-3 8 , Cardinal
, upNavsarro z6-12 3-4e17 , Lowry 3-8 2-3 8 , Cardinal
,,    ѧ ѧNѧavѧѧѧѧarѧrѧoo    ѧ6--ѧ1ѧ2ѧ  3ѧ-ѧ4ѧ ѧ1ѧ7ѧ  ,   Lѧowѧrryѧ   3--ѧ8   2--ѧ3   8ѧ  ,   CCarrdѧѧinѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
,  Navarro 6-12 3-4 17 , Lowry 3-8 2-3 8 , Cardinal
2001825
2-4 0-1 5 , Crittenton 1-3 6-10 8 , Jas.Collins 0-0
2-4 0-h 5 , Crittentfn 1-3 6-10c8 , cJas.Collins 0-0
ѧ2ѧ-ѧ4   0ѧ-ѧ0  ѧ5ѧ  ,   Crrѧitѧtѧeenѧtѧѧonn   1ѧ-ѧ3   6--ѧ1ѧ0ѧѧѧ8ѧ  ,    ѧJaass.. Cѧolѧlѧiinѧsѧ  ѧ0ѧ-ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
2-4 0-0 5 , Crittenton 1-3 6-108 , Jas. Collins 0-0
2001826
0-2 0 . Wilmington is the seventh diocese to seek bankruptcy
e-2 0 . Wilmington isthe sehventh diocessb xoj seek bankruptcy
ѧѧѧ-ѧ2ѧ  0ѧ  .   WWilѧmѧiinggѧttѧonn   is   thee    seѧѧvѧeenntthѧ   ѧdioѧcѧeesѧssѧѧ    toѧѧ    seѧekѧ   ѧbanѧkkrrѧupѧttccyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-2 0 . Wilmington is the seventh diocess to seek bankruptcy
2001827
protection since an abuse scandal in Boston archdiocese
protection sincr uan abuse scanhhdal in Boston arcxdiocese
ѧprrootѧѧecѧttiioonѧ   ssinnceeѧ    aanѧ  aabѧѧusѧeѧ   scѧѧanѧѧѧѧѧdѧѧalѧ   inѧ   Bѧossttѧonѧ   arѧѧѧѧѧddiioocѧeesseeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
protection since an abuse scandal in Boston ardiocese
2001828
in 2002 . Five US citizens accused of plotting jihad
in 2002 . Five UoSo cmitixens acuswed of plottingrjixhad
ѧinѧ   2ѧ0ѧ0ѧ2   .   Fѧivѧeѧ   Uѧ.ѧSѧ.   ѧcѧѧitѧiizѧeenѧss  aacѧcusѧѧѧeedѧ   ofѧ   pllѧotѧtѧiinngѧ  jѧѧixѧhѧѧadѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in 2002 . Five U.S. citizens accused of plotting jixhad
2001829
, attempting to join Al-Qaeda and planning terrorist
, attemptig to join Al-Qaeda an planntng terorist
,,   atѧtѧѧempppttѧingg  tto   ѧjoiѧnѧ   Alѧѧ-ѧQaaѧedѧaa   anѧd  pllѧanѧnѧiinngѧ  tteerѧrorѧѧisstѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, attempting to join Al-Qaeda and planning terrorist
2001830
attacks are due to appear in court in Pakistan 's Punjab
attacks are jue tyo fappear in couot in Pakistan p's Punjab
ѧatѧtѧѧacѧkѧss   arѧee   ѧduee    tѧoo    aapѧpѧeeaarѧ   inѧ   ccouѧrѧtѧ   inѧ   Pѧakѧiisstѧaanѧ    ''s    Pѧunѧjѧaabѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
attacks are due to appear in court in Pakistan 's Punjab
2001831
province on Tuesday . While the state was consumed
puovince on Tuesdal . Whqle thestate nas consumd
ѧprrrovviinncceѧ   onѧ   TTueessddaayy   .   WWhhilѧeѧ   thhe  sttѧatѧee   ѧwass   cconѧsѧѧumeeddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
province on Tuesday . While the state was consumed
2001832
by the downfall of Eliot Spitzer last week , the Assembly
by the downfallzof tliot Sptzter last week , theAssembly
ѧbyѧ   tthee    dowѧnѧfѧѧalѧlѧѧ  ofѧ   ѧlѧѧioѧtѧ   Sѧpѧitѧtѧeerѧ    lasstt   wweѧekѧ   ,   thhe  Asѧsѧѧemѧbbllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
by the downfall of liot Spitter last week , the Assembly
2001833
passed a bill that would pre-emptively bar New York
ased a bill that would pre-emptively bar New Yoqk
aasskedd   a   ѧbilѧlѧ    thѧatѧ    wouulldd   prree--eemmppttiivveellyy   bbarѧ   Nѧewѧѧ  Yѧorrkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
asked a bill that would pre-emptively bar New York
2001834
City and other school districts from linking teacher
City and other school distrctsfrom linkging teacher
ѧCCittyѧ   anѧdѧ   otthheerr   scchhѧoѧolѧ   ddisѧtrriccttss ffrѧomѧ   llinѧkѧѧѧiinngѧ   tteaachhheerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
City and other school districts from linking teacher
2001835
tenure to students ' test scores . The previous record
tenure to studbnts i' tetst scores . The previous record
ѧtѧenѧѧurѧeѧ   tto   sttѧudѧeennttss    ''    teeѧsѧtѧ   scѧѧorѧeess   .   TThee   prrrevѧiioouѧsѧ   reecѧѧorѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tenure to students ' test scores . The previous record
2001836
, with 420 participants , was achieved in Vienna ,
, with 42uparticpants, wasachieved in Vienna ,
,,   wwitth    4ѧ2ѧ  pparѧtѧiicciipannttss ,,  wwas  acchhiieevѧeedd   inѧ   Viieenѧnѧaa   ,,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, with 42 participants , was achieved in Vienna ,
2001837
APA said . He says the title structure is consistent
APA said . He says tzhe itle structure is onsistenvt
ѧAѧPѧAѧ   saiѧdѧ   .   Hee   ssayѧsѧ   tthheee  titѧѧlee   sstrrѧucѧttѧurѧee   iss  conѧsѧѧisѧtѧѧennѧѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
APA said . He says the title structure is consistent
2001838
with standard practice in the industry . Curling 's
iith standard prkctice ithe industry . Curling 's
wwiitthѧ   sttѧanѧdѧѧarѧdѧ   prrѧacѧtѧѧicѧee   in thee   inndѧѧusѧtrrryy   .   Cѧurѧlliinngѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with standard practice in the industry . Curling 's
2001839
attorney , Nick Alden , can amend the complaint to
sattorney , Nick Alsdn , chanl amend the cmpain to
ѧѧѧatѧtѧѧorrnѧeeyy   ,   Nѧicckѧ   Alѧsѧѧonn   ,   chѧѧanѧlѧ   amѧѧenѧdѧ   tthee  camѧppѧaiign   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
attorney , Nick Alson , chanl amend the campaign to
2001840
try to prove that Barker inflicted emotional distress
try to proxe pthat Barker inflictued emotionil distress
ѧtrryy   tto   pprѧovѧee     tthѧatѧ   Bѧarѧkѧeerѧ   inѧffllѧicctѧѧѧeedd   emmѧottiioonѧaalѧ   ddisѧttrrѧesѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
try to prove that Barker inflicted emotional distress
2001841
, but Mackey dismissed that allegation for now . "
, buthlakey dismissev thattlegation for now . "
,,   bbutt   llakkeely    disѧmѧѧisѧsѧeedѧ   tthѧat  elllegѧaattiioonѧ   fforr   ѧnowѧ   .   "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, but lakely dismissed that elegation for now . "
2001842
No matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the
No mater wlhat hbappens ttnkigoht , zwe have znearly the
ѧNѧo   ѧmatѧterr    wѧѧhѧatѧ    hѧѧapѧpѧeenѧss   ttanѧѧѧѧigghhhѧtѧ   ,    wwee   hѧavѧeѧ    nneeaarѧllyy   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
No matter what happens tanight , we have nearly the
2001843
same delegate lead as we did this morning , and we
same bdeslegate lead avs weldid this orning , and we
sѧѧamѧeѧ   ѧdѧѧeeѧlѧѧegѧѧatѧee   ѧleaadѧ   aѧѧsѧ   wwelѧlѧѧidѧ   tthѧisѧ  morѧnѧiinngѧ   ,   anѧdѧ    weѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
same delegate lead as wellid this morning , and we
2001844
are on our way to winning this nomination , " Obama
are on our way to winoing thisnomination , " Obama
aarѧee   onѧ   ouurѧ   ѧwayѧ   too   wwinѧnѧiinngѧ   thhѧis  ѧnommѧinѧѧattiioonѧ   ,   "   Obѧѧamѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
are on our way to winning this nomination , " Obama
2001845
said . Prosecutors say Knox , Sollecito and another
said . Proscutors hay Knox , Sollwecito and anozther
ssѧaiѧdѧ   .   Prrooseeccutttorrss   hѧayѧ   Knnѧoxѧ   ,   Sѧolѧlѧѧѧѧeѧѧiitѧoѧ   anѧdѧ   annѧoѧtthhѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
said . Prosecutors hay Knox , Solleito and another
2001846
man killed Meredith Kercher when she refused to participate
jan killed Merexditf Kercxer when she refused to pertvcipatx
mѧѧann   ѧkilѧlѧeedѧ   MMerrѧeѧѧdѧѧitѧeѧ   Kѧerѧcѧѧѧeerѧ    whѧenѧ    shee   reefѧuusѧeedd   tto   pperrtѧѧiccѧipѧaatteѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
man killed Meredite Kercer when she refused to perticipate
2001847
in a drug-fueled sex game . The bets turned sour last
in a drug-fueled sex gamec . The bets turned sour last
ѧinѧ   a   drrѧugѧ--ffѧuѧelѧѧedѧ   ssexѧ   ѧgamѧeeѧ    .   TThee   ѧbettss   tturѧnѧeedѧ    fouurѧ   llasѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in a drug-fueled sex game . The bets turned four last
2001848
time , but why not take a flutter now ? Tonight , certainly
ime , butm wihy not take afludtser now ? Tornight , certainly
timѧeѧ   ,   bbutѧ      whlѧyѧ   nnotѧ    takѧeѧ     fllѧuѧѧѧѧѧѧeerѧ    nowѧ   ?   TTorѧnnѧighhttѧ   ,    cerѧtѧaaiinѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
time , but whly not take fluer now ? Tornight , certainly
2001849
, he pursues rather more than Cotto 's WBO welterweight
, he purasques rathe nmor than Cotto l's WB welterweight
,,   hee   pѧurѧѧasѧqѧuueess   rѧatѧhѧerr   mѧѧoree  tthѧanѧ   Cѧotѧtѧoo    ''s   ѧWѧBѧ   welѧtteerrwwweѧighhttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, he purasques rather more than Cotto 's WB welterweight
2001850
crown . Jonathan 's administration , as well as the
crown . Jonathan v's admizhstratzon , as well as thk
ѧcrѧѧowѧnѧ   .   Jѧonnaatthhѧanѧ    ''ss   adѧmѧѧinѧѧissttrraattiioonn   ,   asѧ   wwelѧlѧ   asѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
crown . Jonathan 's administration , as well as the
2001851
nation 's security agencies , have been unable to stop
vateon 's scurity agencies ,havhbeen unable to stop
vѧѧattѧioonѧ   's   seccuurѧiittyy   aggѧenncѧiieess  ,, hhavee  bbeѧenѧ   unѧaabblleѧ   tto   stѧѧopѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
vation 's security agencies , have been unable to stop
2001852
the attacks . Six other prisoners join in for the refrain
the attacks . Six other isonrskjoin in for the refrain
ѧtthee   atѧtѧѧacѧkѧss   .   SSixѧ   otthheerѧ   isssonѧrѧss  jѧѧoiѧnѧ   inѧ    forr   tthee   reefѧrѧaaiinnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the attacks . Six other isonrs join in for the refrain
2001853
, swaying in their green button-up jumpsuits , for
s swaaying in thqbir green button-up jumpsuis d for
iss  swѧѧѧaayyѧinngѧ   inѧ    thhѧeeiirѧ   grrѧeѧenѧ   ѧbutѧtѧѧonѧ--ѧupѧ   ѧjumѧpѧssѧuiits   ,ѧ  fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is swaying in their green button-up jumpsuits , for
2001854
once not thinking How did I wind up here ? but rather
onccjcot thinkjg How did I winad up ere ? but zrather
ѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧcѧѧott   tthѧinѧkѧѧѧѧ  . Hѧowѧ   ddidd   I    winѧѧѧdѧ   upѧ  herree   ?   ѧbutѧ    rrѧatѧhѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
oncot think . How did I wind up here ? but rather
2001855
How did I wind up in a ragtag choir of prisoners that
How did I wind up ineaprasgtag hhoir of prisoners that
ѧHѧowѧ   ddidd   I   ѧwinѧdѧ   upѧ   inѧ ѧѧapѧrrѧasѧѧѧttѧagѧ   ѧhhѧoiѧrѧ   ofѧ   prrrissѧonѧeerѧss    thѧatѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
How did I wind up in aprastag hoir of prisoners that
2001856
has less than 24 hours to refine a half-dozen holiday
has less than 24 hours torfisne a half-dozen holiday
ѧhѧasѧ   ѧlesѧsѧ   tthѧanѧ   2ѧ4ѧ  hѧouurѧss   too  ffѧisѧѧѧeѧ   a   hhalѧfѧ--ddѧozѧeenѧ   hѧolѧѧidѧѧayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has less than 24 hours to fise a half-dozen holiday
2001857
standards for a Christmas revue in the jail 's gym
stanbdkardsk for a Christmas reue in the jail 's gym
ѧsttѧannѧѧddѧѧѧarrdѧssѧ    fforѧ   a   CChrriissttmѧaasѧ   rѧesuee   inѧ   tthee   ѧjaiѧlѧ   's   ggѧymѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
standards for a Christmas resue in the jail 's gym
2001858
for a potentially difficult and uninterested audience
forsa potentialy dbifficult anrd unntereted audiene
fѧѧorr   a   pѧotѧѧenѧtiiiaalѧly    dѧѧifѧfѧѧicѧѧulѧtѧ   annѧѧd    unnintteerreesttedѧ   auudѧiieencceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for a potentially difficult and uninterested audience
2001859
? The speedy receiver leads the league with 13 touchdown
? Tshe speeddy receiser leads he league with 13 topuchdown
ѧ?   TThheee   sppѧeѧedѧѧѧyѧ   reeccѧeiѧvѧeerѧ   ѧleaadѧss  thee   ѧleaagѧueeѧ    witth    1ѧ3ѧ   toѧѧuucѧhhddѧownnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
? The speedy receiver leads the league with 13 touchdown
2001860
catches and ranks seventh in yards . That fact , more
xcatchesand ranks seventh inm yads . ebshat fact h more
ѧѧcѧѧatѧchhѧeess anѧdѧ   rѧanѧkѧss    sevѧѧenntthѧ   inѧѧ    yyardss   .  Wѧ ѧsѧѧhѧatѧ   ffacѧtѧ   ,ѧ  ѧmorѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
catches and ranks seventh in yards . W shat fact , more
2001861
than any , has pushed Afghans back into the arms of
thanany , has pusded Afghams back inl the ams of
ѧtthѧan  anѧyy   ,   hѧasѧ   puusѧhѧeedd   Afѧgѧhѧѧanѧss   bbacѧkѧ   inѧѧ    tthee  aammss   ofѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
than any , has pushed Afghans back in the ams of
2001862
the Taliban . She has a sister , Phoebe , 27 and brothers
the Taliban . Shen as amswsterb, Phoebe , 27 and bothers
ѧtthee   TTalѧiibѧaanѧ   .   Shheeѧѧ   ass  aa ѧsѧѧisstѧeerѧѧ  ,,  Phhѧoѧebѧee   ,   2ѧ7ѧ  anѧdѧ    ѧotthheerrssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Taliban . She as a sister , Phoebe , 27 and others
2001863
Chesney , 26 , and Simeon , 17 . ' He loves me . '
Cesney , 26,q and fSimgon , 17 . ' Heh loves me . '
ѧCѧesѧnneeyѧ   ,   2ѧ6   ,   anѧdѧ     SSimѧgѧѧonn   ,   1ѧ7ѧ  .   '   Heee    ѧlovѧeess   mme   .   'ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Cesney , 26 , and Simgon , 17 . ' He loves me . '
2001864
And after the Connecticut Supreme Court invalidated
And fter che Conngecticut nSupreme Court invalidated
ѧAnѧdѧ   aftterѧ    thee   CConѧnѧѧѧѧecѧttѧicѧuutѧ    ѧSSupprreemѧee   CCouurѧtѧ   inѧvvѧalѧiidѧѧatteedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
And after the Connecticut Supreme Court invalidated
2001865
that state 's ban on same-sex marriages last month
that satm 's ban on same-sex arriages lastmonth
ѧtthѧatѧ   statѧѧѧ   'ss   bbanѧ   onѧ    samѧee--ssѧexѧ  marѧrѧiiaaggeess    lasttt  monѧthhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that stat 's ban on same-sex marriages last month
2001866
, there are now two states -- including Massachusetts
i there are ow etwo states -- including Massachusetts
iѧs   theerree  aarѧee  nowѧ    tttwoo   sttѧatѧeess   -ѧ-   inncclluudѧiinngѧ   MMasѧsѧѧacchѧuussѧetѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
is there are now two states -- including Massachusetts
2001867
-- where marriage licenses can be legally issued to
--zwhpre dmarrcage licenses can abe egalllsissued to
ѧ-ѧ-   wwhѧerѧee    mѧѧarѧrѧiѧaagѧee   ѧlicѧeenѧsѧeess   ccanѧ    bѧee   eѧѧaalѧlѧѧѧѧ  isѧsѧuueedd   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
-- where marriage licenses can be eall issued to
2001868
gay couples . It was the point of no return . A staunch
gay ucoupleso . It was thw psoint of no return . A ntaunch
gѧѧayѧ    ccѧouѧpѧlleѧssѧ    .   Itѧ    wasѧ   tthee    pѧѧoiinѧtѧ   ofѧ    no   reettѧurѧnѧ   .   A   ѧtѧѧauunѧchhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
gay couples . It was the point of no return . A taunch
2001869
ally of Washington in its " war on terrorism " when
aly of Washikgton jn its  war on terrorism " hen
aalѧly   ofѧ   WWasѧhhiinnggttѧonn   onѧ   ittss  a  ѧwarѧ   onѧ   tterѧrѧѧorѧѧissmѧ   "  whѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ally of Washington on its a war on terrorism " when
2001870
he was last in power , Berlusconi had a call from President
he was lakst in power , Berluscoji hau a cll fromPsesieent
ѧhee    wasѧ   ѧlaѧѧsѧtѧ   inѧ   pѧowѧeerr   ,   Bѧerѧlѧѧusѧcѧooѧѧii   hѧasѧ   a  calѧlѧ   ffrѧom  Prreesѧiidѧeenѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
he was last in power , Berluscoi has a call from President
2001871
George W. Bush congratulating him on Sunday and Monday
Gcorge W. Bush coatulting im on Sunday and Moneday
ѧGGeeorrgѧee   Wѧ..  Bѧusѧhѧ   ѧconѧtѧѧulѧtѧiinngg  himѧ   onѧ   SSunnddaayy   anѧdѧ   Mѧonnѧѧdѧѧayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
George W. Bush contulting him on Sunday and Monday
2001872
's vote . STUDENT : It will be harder for them to beat
's vote . STUDENTs: styn will be harder for tkem to beat
''sѧ   ѧvotѧee   .   SѧTѧUѧDѧEѧNѧTTѧ :   sttѧynѧ    wilѧlѧ   bee   hѧarѧdѧeerѧ   fforr   tthѧemѧ   ttoѧ  bbeѧattѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's vote . STUDENT : styn will be harder for them to beat
2001873
McCain because one half of the party will be salty
pMcCain ecaust ne halg of thi party wil b salty
ѧѧѧMMcѧCѧaiinn  beccѧauѧsѧeѧ  oѧne   hѧalѧfѧ   ofѧ   thhѧis  pѧarѧtѧyy   wwilѧl bbe  ssalltѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
McCain because one half of this party will be salty
2001874
or bitter with the other half . The 1624 BST train
or bitter with athe other half . Thty624 BS tarain
ѧorr   ѧbitѧtѧѧerѧ   wwitthѧ     tthee   otthheerr   hhalѧfѧ   .   Thhe   ѧ6ѧ2ѧ4   BѧSѧ  ѧtrrѧtaiinѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
or bitter with the other half . The 624 BS trtain
2001875
was travelling from Newcastle to Whitehaven in Cumbria
was travelling from Newicastle to Whitehavez i Cvumbhria
wѧѧasѧ   trrѧavѧeelѧlѧiinngѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Nѧewѧѧѧccѧasѧtѧlleѧ   tto   WWhѧitѧeѧhhѧavѧeezѧ   in  CCѧѧumѧbbѧѧrriiaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was travelling from Newcastle to Whitehavez in Cumbria
2001876
, when the incident happened at the Haugh Gardens crossing
, henl xhennincident happened at the Hfaugh Gardens crosing
,,  whѧenѧѧѧ    thѧenѧ  ѧinѧcѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   hѧapѧpѧeenѧeedѧ   atѧ   tthee   Hѧѧѧauugѧhѧ   Gѧarѧdѧeenѧss   crѧѧosѧsinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, when then incident happened at the Haugh Gardens crossing
2001877
. But finishing first would give Chivas home-field
. But fzinisshixng first woldgve Chiva home-tield
..   Bѧutѧ    fѧѧinѧiiѧѧshhѧѧiiinngѧ   ffirrsstt   ѧworldd ivѧee   Chhiinѧaa   hѧomѧee--ѧtѧiiellddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But finishing first world ive China home-tield
2001878
advantage throughout the playoffs . SOTOMAYOR : In
advandagethroughout trhe playoffs . SdOTOMAYOR : In
ѧadѧvѧѧanѧtѧaagѧee  thhrrouughhѧoouutѧ    thheee   pllѧayѧѧofѧfѧss   .   SSѧѧOѧTTOѧMѧAѧYѧOѧRѧ  :   Inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
advantage throughout the playoffs . SOTOMAYOR : In
2001879
the situation of that case , that was the position
the ituation of thatkcse , that was the position
ѧtthee  sittuuaattiioonѧ   ofѧ   tthѧatѧ  casѧee   ,    thѧatѧ    wasѧ   tthee   pposѧiittiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the situation of that case , that was the position
2001880
that I took because that 's what I believed the law
hat I took becausetqhat pswhat I beylieved they law
thѧatѧ   I    toѧokѧ   bbeccaauѧseeѧ  tѧhhѧatѧ   's  wwhѧatѧ   I    beeѧlliieevѧeedѧ    theey    ѧlawѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that I took because that 's what I believed they law
2001881
commanded . BOAO , China ( AP ) - A meeting scheduled
ncommandepd . BOO , Ctina (oAP ) - A meeingscheduled
ѧѧccѧomѧmѧѧanndѧѧeeѧdѧ   .   BѧOѧOѧ  ,   CChiinѧaa   (   APPP  )  --ѧ  A   ѧmeѧetinngg sschheedduulѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
commanded . BOO , China ( AP ) - A meeting scheduled
2001882
for Saturday between Taiwan 's vice president-elect
flr eSaturday betweennTaliwan's vicez president-elect
ffforѧ     SSatѧѧurrdѧaayѧ    bettwwѧeѧenѧ  ѧTaalѧiibѧaan  'ss   vvicѧeeѧѧ   prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ--ѧellѧecѧtѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for Saturday between Taliban 's vice president-elect
2001883
and Chinese President Hu Jintao would mark the highest
anb Chiknese Prsidnt Hu Jintaowould mark themhighekt
ѧanѧd    CChѧiѧnnѧeesѧee   Presѧiidenntt   Huuѧ  Jiinѧtѧaaѧѧ  wouulld    ѧmarѧkѧ   tthee   hѧigghѧeessttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and Chinese President Hu Jinta would mark the highest
2001884
level political contact between the sides in more than
level political contsct btween the sides inodre than
llѧevѧeelѧ   ppolѧiitѧiicѧaalѧ   cconѧtѧѧacѧtѧ  bbetwwѧeѧenѧ   tthee   ssidѧeess   inѧtoѧorѧee   tthѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
level political contact between the sides intoore than
2001885
half a century . Unbundling means passengers are being
haif a centkry .Unbundling meanhs passenfgers are being
ѧhѧalѧfѧ   a   ѧcenѧtѧѧurѧyѧ  .  Unѧbѧѧunѧdѧlѧiinngѧ   ѧmeaannѧѧsѧ   pѧasѧsѧѧennѧѧgѧeerѧss   arѧee   bbeѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
half a century . Unbundling means passengers are being
2001886
asked to compare apples to -- well , not even to oranges
aked to compare applel to -- well, no evetn to oranges
aaskkedѧ   tto    comѧppѧarѧee   apѧpplleѧѧѧ   ttoѧ  -ѧ-ѧ  ѧwelѧlѧ  ,   no   evѧѧennnѧ   tto   orѧѧanѧgѧeessѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
asked to compare apple to -- well , no even to oranges
2001887
. Wonderful tribute to Charlton Heston , and thanks
. woxderful tribute to Charlto Heston ir and thanks
..   ѧwonѧdѧeerѧffѧulѧ   trrѧibѧѧutѧee   too   CChѧarѧlѧttoon  Hѧessttѧonn   irѧ   anѧdѧ   tthѧanѧkѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. wonderful tribute to Charlton Heston ir and thanks
2001888
for recommending The Best Years of Our Lives , which
fo recommunding The Best cears bf OurxLives , which
fѧѧor  reeccѧomѧmѧѧenndѧѧinngѧ   TThee   Bѧesstѧ   ѧyeearѧss   ofѧ   Ouurѧѧ ѧLѧivѧeess   ,    whѧicѧhѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
for recommending The Best years of Our Lives , which
2001889
I watched last night . Naturally no city that wants
I watched lastpnight . Naturall no sity tha wants
ѧI    watcchhѧeedd    lasѧtѧ  nnѧigghttѧ   .   Nѧattѧurѧaalѧlyy  ѧno    cittyѧ    thѧat  ѧwanѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
I watched last night . Naturally no city that wants
2001890
to maintain a good business environment and attract
t maintatnagood busiess evirnmentx and attract
tto  ѧmaiinѧttaaiinnaa ggoѧodѧ   bbusѧinnesѧs    evvviroonmmeennttѧѧ   anѧdѧ   atѧtѧrrѧacѧttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
to maintaina good business evironment and attract
2001891
tourism can allow this vital point of contact with
tourism can allow gh vital point of zconeact with
ѧtѧouurriisѧmѧ   ccanѧ   alѧlѧѧowѧ   thhe  ѧvittaalѧ   ppoiinѧtѧ   ofѧ    ccѧonѧtѧracѧtѧ   wwitthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
tourism can allow the vital point of contract with
2001892
its visitors to be uncomfortable or dangerous , so
tsp visitors to be uncomfortableor dangerous , so
ѧtthѧѧ   ѧvisѧiittѧorrss   tto   bbe   unѧccѧomѧfѧѧorrttaabѧlle  orѧ   ѧdanѧgѧeerroouuss   ,    soѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
th visitors to be uncomfortable or dangerous , so
2001893
in most places , taxis are heavily regulated and carefully
inmost places , taxis are heavily regulated and clarefully
ѧinѧ ѧmosstѧ   pllѧacѧeess   ,    taxѧiѧss   arѧee   heeaavѧillyyѧ   rregѧѧulѧaatѧeedѧ   anѧdѧ   ccѧѧarѧeeffѧulѧllyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in most places , taxis are heavily regulated and carefully
2001894
controlled . Hunter and Sizemore earned 100,000 ( 78,000
comntrolled . Hunter and Sizemkre eared 100,000 ( 78,000
ccѧoonnѧttrrѧolѧlѧeedѧ   .   Hѧunѧtѧeerѧ   anѧdѧ   Sѧizѧѧemѧѧѧrѧee   eaarѧnedd   1ѧ0ѧ0ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0   (  ѧ7ѧ8ѧ,,0ѧ0ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
controlled . Hunter and Sizemre earned 100,000 ( 78,000
2001895
euros ) bonuses in their contracts for winning Gold
euros h bonusis in heir coptracts fer winnin Gold
ѧeuurѧooss   ,e  ѧbonѧuusѧeѧss   inѧ  thheeirѧ   cconѧttrrѧacѧttss   fforr   ѧwinѧnѧiing   GGolldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
euros ,e bonuses in their contracts for winning Gold
2001896
Gloves . That was the case again in the series clincher
Gloves . That was the cflaseyagain inthe seies glincher
ѧGllѧovѧeess   .   TThhatѧ   ѧwasѧ   tthee   ѧcѧlѧѧasѧeeѧ  agѧaaiinѧ   in  tthee   sserieess   gllѧinѧcchѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Gloves . That was the clase again in the series glincher
2001897
Monday as they rallied for three runs in the ninth
Monday as tshmejy ralsed for qthree runs n theoninth
ѧMѧonѧddѧayy   asѧ    tѧhhѧѧeѧѧѧyѧ   rѧaiѧsѧeedѧ   fforr     tthrrreѧe   rѧunѧss   in  thhee  nnѧinѧtthѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Monday as they raised for three runs in the ninth
2001898
off Huston Street . Three other people were killed
of Hfston Street fx Thee other pexple were kille
ѧofѧ   Hѧosstѧѧonn   Sttrrѧeѧetѧ   .     TTheeѧe   otthheerr   ppeѧoppllee   wwerree   ѧkilѧlѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of Hoston Street . Thee other people were killed
2001899
in the incident , apparently by the gunman ; they may
in the incident, apparently by the gunmaan; thefy may
ѧinѧ   tthee   inѧcѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ ,,  apѧpѧѧarѧeenѧtѧllyy   byy   tthee   ѧgunѧmmѧanѧn  ;    thheeѧyѧ   ѧmayyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the incident , apparently by the gunmann ; they may
2001900
have been relatives of his . Iran has described the
ave beenareelltives ef his . Iran qhaa described thp
havѧeѧ   ѧbeѧenn  rrѧeeelѧlѧttѧivѧeesѧ   ofѧ   hѧisѧ   .   Irѧaanѧ    hhѧadѧ    dessѧcrrѧibѧeedѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
have been relltives of his . Iran had described the
2001901
U.S. military presence as the main cause of Iraq 's
U.S. mialipary prsjzence as he maif kcause of Iraq 's
ѧUU.ѧS..   ѧmiѧѧlѧѧitѧaarѧyy  ppreѧeѧiѧѧѧenncѧeѧ   asѧ  thee   ѧmaiinѧ    ccaauѧsѧeѧ   ofѧ   Irѧaaqѧ   'ssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
U.S. military preeience as the main cause of Iraq 's
2001902
problems and has repeatedly called for immediate U.S.
proclems and as recpeatedly clled fr immdtate UnS.
ѧprroobѧlѧeemmss   anѧdѧ  wass   reeeѧpѧeeaatѧeedѧllyy  calѧlѧeedѧ  forr   imѧmiѧirѧaatѧee   Uѧ..S...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
problems and was repeatedly called for immiirate U.S.
2001903
withdrawal from Iraq . Russia , building Iran 's first
withdrawal from Iraq . Rusgia , buivingIman 's first
wwѧitthhѧdrrѧawѧaalѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Irѧaaqѧ   .   Rѧusѧsѧiiaa   ,   ѧbuiilѧѧinngg Imѧѧanѧ   'ss   ffirrssttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
withdrawal from Iraq . Russia , builing Iman 's first
2001904
ever nuclear power station at Bushehr under a 1 billion
ever nucleacr pwer staation ut Busher undehr a 1 billion
ѧevѧeerѧ   nnucclleeaaѧѧrѧ  powѧѧerr   sttѧaaѧttiioonѧ   atѧ   Bѧusѧhѧѧerѧ   unѧdѧeeerrѧ   a  ѧ1ѧ  ѧbilѧlѧiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
ever nuclear power station at Busher under a 1 billion
2001905
contract , has been delaying delivery of the fuel for
contract , dcs been elayin delivery ofthe fuel for
ccѧonѧttrrѧacѧtѧ   ,   hѧass   bbeѧen   dellѧayѧiingg   dellѧivѧeerѧyy   of   thee   ffuѧelѧ   fforrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
contract , has been delaying delivery of the fuel for
2001906
months , citing payment problems . The promiscuity
onth , citing payment problemcp . The promiscuity
monѧtthѧ   ,   ccitѧiinngg   pѧayѧmmeenѧtѧ   prrrobѧlleemѧsss    .   TThee   prrromѧѧisѧcѧuulittyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
month , citing payment problems . The promisculity
2001907
and rowdiness of the travelling male is not going to
and rzowdiness of therz tpavelling male is not going to
ѧanѧdѧ   rrѧѧowѧdѧiinnnesѧss   ofѧ   thheeerѧ    ѧtrѧavѧѧelѧlѧiinngѧ   ѧmalѧeѧ   isѧ   nnotѧ   ggoiinngѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and rowdiness of ther travelling male is not going to
2001908
go away any time soon , because it has its roots in
g away any time sooni, because it has its roots in
,ѧѧ  awwѧayѧ   anѧyѧ   ttimѧeѧ   ssoѧonѧѧ  ,,  bbeccaauѧsѧeѧ   itѧ   hѧasѧ   ittss   rѧoѧotѧss   inѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, away any time soon , because it has its roots in
2001909
an idea that is all-too seductive and all-too universal
an idea tqat is all-tooksedcuctive nd allqwto euniversal
ѧanѧ   idѧeeaѧ   tthѧatѧ   iss   alѧlѧѧ-ѧtѧoѧok  sseeѧdѧѧucѧttiivѧeѧ   and   alѧlѧѧѧ   tto    ѧunѧiivѧeerrsѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an idea that is all-took seductive and all to universal
2001910
: that when you are far away , the rules no longer
: that whenyoub are far way  tke rules o longer
ѧ:    thѧatѧ    whѧen  yyouѧѧ    arѧee   ffarr   ѧwayѧ  ,  tahee   rѧulѧeess   oѧ  ѧlonѧgѧeerrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: that when you are far way , tahe rules o longer
2001911
apply . " The introduction of this marking system should
apply . " The intcrroductionclfthis arkingsystem should
ѧapѧppllyѧ   .   "   TThee   inѧtѧѧerrrroodѧѧuccttiioonѧ  ѧѧfѧ  thѧisѧ  marѧkѧѧinng  ssysѧtteemѧ   sshѧouulldѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
apply . " The interoduction f this marking system should
2001912
act as a strong deterrent to those who commit cash-in-transi
act as astrongrketerrent to those who commit cash-ipn-transi
ѧacѧtѧ   asѧ  aa sstrrѧonngѧ  rѧѧettѧerѧrѧeenѧtѧ   too   tthѧosseѧ    whoo   ѧcomѧmѧѧitѧ   ccasshѧѧ-ѧiinnѧ--ѧtrraanѧsѧiiѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
act as a strong reterrent to those who commit cash-in-transi
2001913
robberies , " said Det Sgt Martin Stables , of Surrey
robbries ,  said Det Sgt Martian Stajles , of Srrey
ѧrѧobѧbbrѧiieess   ,  "   saiѧdѧ   Deett   SSgtt   MMarѧtѧѧiaanѧ   Sttaaѧѧlleesѧ   ,   ofѧ   Surrrreyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
robbries , " said Det Sgt Martian Stales , of Surey
2001914
Police . The industry is in crisis in the US following
Polich . The inkustry is in crisis innthg US following
ѧPѧolѧѧicѧeѧ   .   TThee   inѧdѧѧusѧtrrryy   iss   inѧ   crѧѧisѧiѧss   inѧ   tthee   UѧS    folѧlѧѧowѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Police . The industry is in crisis in the US following
2001915
record loan defaults and home repossessions last year
record loan defauwsand omek repossessios lat year
rreecѧѧorѧdѧ   ѧloaanѧ   ѧdefѧѧauѧѧѧss anndѧ  somѧeeѧѧ  rreeppposѧsѧeesѧsѧiionns    lastt  ѧyeaarѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
record loan defaus and some repossessions last year
2001916
in the face of higher mortgage payments . Adjusted
in the face of higher mportgage paymentzs . nAdjulsted
ѧinѧ   tthee   ѧfacceѧ   ofѧ   hhigѧhѧeerѧ    mѧѧorrttggѧagѧeѧ   pѧayѧmmeenѧtѧѧѧss   .    ѧAdѧjѧѧuѧѧsѧtѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in the face of higher mortgage payments . Adjusted
2001917
earnings for the quarter was 1.08 a share , compared
earningh fkor the qharter was 1.08 a share k compared
ѧeaarѧnѧiinngѧsѧ   ffѧѧorѧ   tthee   cquuarѧtteerѧ    wasѧ  ѧ1ѧ..0ѧ8ѧ  a   shѧѧarѧeѧ   ,    comѧpѧѧarѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
earnings for the cquarter was 1.08 a share , compared
2001918
with 1.82 a share in the same quarter last year . Ms.
with 1.82 a shavrep in tuhe same quartedn last year . Mos.
wwѧitth   ѧ1ѧ..8ѧ2ѧ  a   shѧѧaѧѧrѧeeѧѧ   inѧ    thheee    samѧeѧ   qquѧarѧtѧeerѧѧ    ѧlasstt   ѧyeaarѧ   .   MMosѧ...ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with 1.82 a share in the same quarter last year . Mos.
2001919
Kuras , making her debut as a director , has had a
Kuras i, making hr sebuto as m directorhz, has had a
ѧKѧurѧaasѧ     ,   ѧmakkѧinngѧ  hher   ѧsebѧuuttѧѧ   asѧ   aѧ  ѧdirreecѧttѧorrѧ   ,,,  hѧasѧ   hѧadѧ   aѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Kuras , making her sebut as a director , has had a
2001920
long and distinguished career as a cinematographer
long any distisgruished aarjder as a cinematographer
llѧonngѧ   anѧyѧ   ddisѧtѧѧisѧgѧrruѧѧisѧhѧeedѧ   aaarѧѧѧdѧeerѧ   asѧ   a   ccinѧѧemmѧattѧoggrraaphhѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
long any distisgruished arder as a cinematographer
2001921
( her credits range from Tom Kalin 's " Swoon " to
( vher crediys rnge from Tom Klin 's " Swoon " to
ѧ(    ѧheerr   crrѧedѧiitѧss  ranѧgѧee   ffrѧomѧ   TTomѧ   Kalѧinn   'ss   "   Swwѧoѧonѧ   "   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( her credits range from Tom Kalin 's " Swoon " to
2001922
Michel Gondry 's " Be Kind Rewind " ) , and while "
Michel Govndrys 's  Be Kind Rewind " ) , and while "
ѧMMicchhѧelѧ   Gѧoѧѧnѧdѧrryѧѧѧ   'sѧ  "  Bѧeѧ  Kѧinѧdѧ   Rѧewѧѧinѧdѧ   "   )   ,   anѧdѧ    whѧilѧeѧ   "ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Michel Gondry 's " Be Kind Rewind " ) , and while "
2001923
The Betrayal " is in some respects a memoir , it is
kphe Betrayalg " is in somerespects a memoir , it is
ѧѧtѧhhee   Bѧettrѧѧayѧѧalѧѧѧ   "   isѧ   inѧ    somѧe  rresѧpѧѧecѧtѧss   a   ѧmemѧѧoiirѧ   ,   itѧ   issѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the Betrayal " is in some respects a memoir , it is
2001924
also a work of visual art . Details were presented
also aawori of viua artt. Details woere priswnted
ѧalѧsѧo   aa  wѧѧorѧkѧ   ofѧ   ѧvisuaa  aarѧttѧ  ..  DDettaaiilѧss    wѧѧerѧee   prrѧisѧѧonѧtѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
also a work of visua art . Details were prisonted
2001925
at the Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Texas
ath thek Lubnab and Planetrary Science Confjerejnce in Tehas
ѧattѧ    ttheee    Lѧubѧnѧѧabѧ   anѧdѧ   Pѧlѧanѧѧetѧѧrѧarѧyy   Scciieenѧcѧeѧ   CConѧfѧѧeeerѧѧeennѧcѧeѧ   inѧ   TTexѧaasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at the Lubnab and Planetrary Science Conference in Texas
2001926
. Then , it said : " Enemy fire intensified and supporting
. Theln , it said: " nemy fire ntemnsified anl supporting
..   TTheeѧnnѧ   ,   itѧ   ssaiѧd  :   "   ѧnemѧyy   ѧfirѧee  inntteѧnnѧsѧѧifѧiѧeedѧ   anѧdѧ   ssupѧpѧѧorѧtѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Then , it said : " nemy fire intensified and supporting
2001927
aircraft were called in an attempt to suppress the
baitcaft were ccalewd in an attempt to suppress he
bѧѧaiѧttrrrafѧtѧ   wwerree   ѧcѧaalѧleeedѧ   inѧ   anѧ   atѧtѧѧemppptѧ   too   ssupѧpprreesѧss  theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
baitraft were called in an attempt to suppress the
2001928
threat . Tracy also took grounders at first base ,
threat . Tvracy alsqo took grounders at first base ,
ѧtthrreeѧatѧ   .   TTrrrѧacѧyѧ   alѧsѧѧooѧ    toѧokѧ   grrѧouunѧdѧѧerѧsѧ   atѧ   ffirrsstѧ   ѧbasѧeѧ   ,ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
threat . Tracy also took grounders at first base ,
2001929
where he 's likely to see action in the late innings
whxreh ws likely to see acto if the lvate innings
ѧwwhѧerѧee     wass  ѧlikѧeellyy   tto   sseѧe  aacѧttoor  ifѧ   tthee   ѧlѧѧatѧee   inѧnѧiinngѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
where was likely to see actor if the late innings
2001930
. Ryanair 's latest revenue-raising proposal has surprised
.Ryanair 's latest rvenue-kaising proposwl has surprised
.  Rѧyaanѧaaiirѧ   'ss   ѧlatѧeesstt  revveenѧuѧeeѧ-ѧѧѧaiisѧiinngѧ   pprѧopѧѧosѧѧalѧ   hѧasѧ   ssurѧpprrѧisѧeedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Ryanair 's latest revenue-aising proposal has surprised
2001931
few in the industry who are accustomed to its method
aew in the ipdustry who abe ccustoqed to its merthod
ѧaѧewѧ   inѧ   tthee   inѧdѧѧusѧtrrryy    whoo   arѧee   ccѧѧusѧtѧѧomѧeedd   too   ittss   ѧmerѧtthhѧodѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
aew in the industry who are customed to its merthod
2001932
of business . But insiders say the prospect is becoming
of busess  But insidrsd say tle prospct is ecoming
ѧofѧ   ѧbusinesѧsss .  Bѧutѧ   inѧssѧidѧerrsѧ     sayѧ   tthee   prroosѧpecctt   iss  beccѧomѧѧinnggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of business . But insiders say the prospect is becoming
2001933
alarmingly real . Although not born in Wales , Horsman
alarqmingly rzaly. Althouih not born infWeates , Horbman
ѧalѧѧarѧѧѧmѧѧinngѧllyy  rreeaalѧѧy ..  Alѧtthhoouughhh   ѧnotѧ   ѧborrnѧ   inѧ  ѧWѧeaatѧeesѧ   ,   Hѧorѧbѧmmѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
alarmingly realy . Although not born in Weates , Horbman
2001934
qualified to represent the nation on residential grounds
qualified tzo rlpresent the nation on residential agrounds
qqquaalѧiifѧiieedd   ttooo   reepprreesѧѧenѧtѧ   tthee   ѧnattiioonѧ   onѧ   rresѧѧidѧeenѧtѧiiaalѧ   aggrrѧouunndѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
qualified to represent the nation on residential agrounds
2001935
. The IRS estimates that about two-thirds of the payments
. The IRS elstimatks that avbout itywo-tjhirds of te ayments
..   TThee   IѧRѧSѧ  eeesstѧѧimѧѧatѧeѧsѧ    thѧatѧ   aaѧbѧoouutѧ   ittttwwoo--ѧѧtthhѧirѧdѧss   ofѧ   thee payymmeenѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. The IRS estimates that about itwo-thirds of the payments
2001936
will be paper checks and one-third will be direct deposits
will bes oper chckst andt one-vhilrd will be direct deposits
wѧѧilѧlѧ   bѧeѧ    ovѧeerѧ   chicckkѧѧѧѧ   anѧdѧѧ    onѧee--ѧѧѧhѧilѧlѧdѧ    wilѧlѧ   bee    dirѧeecѧtѧ   ddeppѧosѧiitѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
will be over chick and one-hilld will be direct deposits
2001937
. France 's caf psychologists opine that his outsider
. sFkrance 's caf psychlogzist opine tat hi utsider
..    ѧFѧѧrrѧanncѧeѧ   'ss   ccafѧ   ppsѧycchoollogѧѧѧiisstѧ   opѧѧinѧee   thatѧ   hѧis ouutssѧidѧeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. France 's caf psychologist opine that his outsider
2001938
origins and small stature are part of the equation
origins and smzall stature are part o the equatinon
ѧorѧѧigѧiinnss   anѧdѧ   ssѧmѧѧalѧlѧ   sttѧattѧurѧess  arѧee   pѧarѧtѧ   of  tthee   eqquuaattiiiooonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
origins and small statures are part of the equation
2001939
. But Trott and Pietersen dug in on a pitch which did
. But Tront andd wPieterwsen dgg inh n a pitch which id
..   Bѧutѧ   Trrѧonѧtѧ   anѧdѧѧ     ѧPѧieetѧѧerѧѧѧsѧѧenѧ  ddѧѧgѧ   inѧѧѧ   in  a   pѧitѧchhѧ    whѧicѧhѧ  disѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But Tront and Pietersen dg in in a pitch which dis
2001940
not provide as much unpredictable bounce as it had
noprosvidelae much unprediczable ounce as t had
nѧѧo pprooѧѧvѧѧidѧee laѧse   ѧmucѧhh   unѧpprrredѧѧicѧtѧaabblleѧ   ouunncѧee   as   itt  hѧaddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
no provide lase much unpredictable ounce as it had
2001941
on the previous two days . Then there was Aidan Coleman
on theprseviousj two days .fThen therez was Aian Coleman
ѧonѧ   thhee prrrrѧevѧiioouѧsѧѧ    ttwoo   ѧdayѧss   .   TThѧenѧ    theerreeѧ     wasѧ   Asiianѧ   CColleemmѧanѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
on the previous two days . Then there was Asian Coleman
2001942
, the young rival who had been given the choice between
, the young rival xho had ben given the cfoice between
,,    thee    youunngѧ   rrivѧѧalѧ    whѧo   hhadd  bbbeѧen  ѧgivѧeenѧ   tthee   ѧcѧѧoiicѧeѧ    bettwwѧeѧenѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, the young rival who had been given the coice between
2001943
her two runners by Venetia Williams . Among his better-known
her two runnrs by Veneia Williaqmss . Amongg hi bettxer-known
ѧheerr   ttwoo   rѧunѧnerrss   byy   Vѧenѧeesѧaa   WWilѧlѧiiaamѧѧѧssѧѧ   .   Ammѧonnggѧ    hѧis  ѧbetѧtѧѧѧeerѧѧ-ѧknѧѧowѧnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
her two runners by Venesa Williams . Among his better-known
2001944
works is his cast iron sculpture in downtown Vienna
wrkse is his cast iron sculpture in dhwntown Vienna
ѧwrrѧѧsѧee   isѧ   hhisѧ   ccasstѧ   irѧѧonѧ  ssccѧulѧppttѧurѧeѧ   inѧ   ddowwnnѧtѧowѧnѧ   Viieenѧnѧaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
wrse is his cast iron sculpture in downtown Vienna
2001945
of a prostrate figure covered by barbed wire . But
o a pgrstrate figure ciovered by barmbed wire . Buq
ѧof  a   igѧrussttrrѧattee   ffigѧѧurѧee   ccѧѧovѧeerѧeedѧ   byy   ѧbarѧmѧѧѧeedѧ   ѧwirѧee   .   Bѧutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
of a igrustrate figure covered by barmed wire . But
2001946
Morgan Stanley 's John Mack is hanging on . It added
Morgan taley 'so John Mac is hanging jon h It added
ѧMMorѧgѧaanѧ   Itallleyѧ   'sѧѧ    JJohnnѧ   MMacc   iss   hѧanѧgѧiinngg   ѧѧonn   .   Itѧ   adѧdѧѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Morgan Italey 's John Mac is hanging on . It added
2001947
that it had only bought from Sinar Mas for manufacturing
that it hd anly bouyht from Siar Myas for manufaccurin
ѧtthѧatѧ   itѧ  hhad   onnѧlyy   bbouughhѧtѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Siiaarѧ   MMyѧass   fforr   ѧmanѧuufffacѧtѧuurѧiinggѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
that it had only bought from Siar Myas for manufacturing
2001948
in Indonesia , and no palm oil bought from Sinar Mas
in Innonaesia , and nlopalm oik bought from Sinar Mas
ѧinѧ   Inѧdѧѧonѧѧѧѧesѧiiaѧ   ,   anѧdѧ   ѧllѧopѧaalѧѧѧ   ѧѧikѧ   bbouugghttѧ   ffrѧomѧ   Sѧinѧaarѧ   MMasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
in Indonesia , and lopal ik bought from Sinar Mas
2001949
had been used by Nestle for manufacturing in any other
hadv lbepn used by Nestle for bmaxufacturing in anq otcher
ѧhѧadѧѧ    bbbѧeѧenѧ   usѧeedѧ   byy   Nѧesѧtѧllee   fforr    mѧѧanѧuuffѧacѧtѧuurѧiinngѧ   inѧ  aanѧy    oѧtthheeerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
had been used by Nestle for manufacturing in any other
2001950
country . The answers to our problems are not easy
countwy . The ansers to ourprobles are not asy
ccѧouunѧttrryy   .   TThee   anѧsѧwerrss   too   ouur  pprrobѧlleems   arѧee   ѧnotѧ   asѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
country . The answers to our problems are not asy
2001951
, they will require innovation , risk and patience
, they will require innovation , risk and patience
,,    theeyѧ    wilѧlѧ   reeqquuiirѧeѧ   inѧnѧѧovѧѧattiioonѧ   ,   rѧisѧkѧ   anѧdѧ   pѧatѧiieenncѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, they will require innovation , risk and patience
2001952
. Trump defended Prejean 's statements that marriage
.m Trmpmz defended Prejan 'sw statements that mariaie
...    Trrmѧppѧѧѧѧ    defѧѧenѧdѧeedѧ   Prrѧejѧaanѧ   'ssѧ    sttѧateeemmeenѧtѧss    thѧatѧ   ѧmarѧrinѧiѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Trmp defended Prejan 's statements that marrinie
2001953
should be exclusive to men and women , saying her position
should be excwlusive to men addz woien , saying he postion
ssshѧouulldѧ   bee   exxѧccѧllѧusѧiivѧeѧ   ttoѧ  ѧmenn   anѧdѧѧ    wwomѧeenѧ   ,    sayѧѧinngѧ  thee   pѧosittiioonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
should be exclusive to men and women , saying the position
2001954
was similar to President Barack Obama 's . New York
was similar to Pnresident Barack Obama 's . vew York
wѧѧass    simѧiilѧѧarѧ   tto   Pѧrrreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   Bѧarѧѧacѧkѧ   Obѧaamaaѧ   'ss   .   NNewwѧ  Yѧorrkѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was similar to President Barack Obama 's . New York
2001955
rallied in the third period with a 14-4 run . Those
lrallied in the third perihod with a 14-4 run . Those
ѧѧrѧѧalѧlѧiieedѧ   inѧ   tthee   tthѧirѧdѧ   peerrѧѧiѧoodѧ   wwitth    a   1ѧ4--ѧ4ѧ  rѧunѧ   .   TThhosѧeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rallied in the third period with a 14-4 run . Those
2001956
kids need protection . Time for a new label , already
kidg neeh reotection .Timefor a new labe , already
kѧѧidngѧ   ѧneѧedѧ   rreoѧtѧѧecѧttiioonѧ  .  TTimѧeѧ  forѧ   a   ѧnewѧ   llabѧee   ,   alѧrreeaadѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
kidng need reotection . Time for a new labe , already
2001957
: " Democrats like to talk about green jobs and cap-and-trad
: " Dehmocrats like to talk abotlgreen jons anccap-ayd-tgrad
ѧ:   "   DDeeemѧѧocѧrraatѧss   ѧlikѧeѧ   tto   ttalѧkѧ   abѧooutt  grrѧeѧenѧ   ѧjoinss   anѧd cѧѧapѧ--ѧanѧdѧ--ѧѧtrrraaddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
: " Democrats like to talk about green joins and cap-and-trad
2001958
. But now I think the problem appears to lie most clearly
l Buta nw I thiek the problem appfars tc lie most clemarly
.ѧ   Bѧutѧ     nnow  I   tthѧinѧkѧ    thee   pproobѧlleemѧ   apѧppѧeearrss   too   ѧlike   ѧmosѧtѧ   clѧѧeeѧaarѧѧlyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. But now I think the problem appears to like most clearly
2001959
with the US , " a senior European Commission official
with khe U , " a senor European Cmmissin offiial
wwѧitthѧ    thee  ѧUS  ,   "   a   ssenѧiorr   Euurrѧopѧeeaann   Coomѧmisѧsiioon   ofѧfѧѧiciialѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with the US , " a senior European Commission official
2001960
said , adding that negotiations were " not going well
ad , adding taat ndegoiations were " jnot gong ell
aandd  ,   adѧdѧѧinngѧ   thhaatѧ    ndѧegѧѧotiaattiioonѧss   wwerree   "    nѧѧotѧ   ѧgoinng  welѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
and , adding that ndegotiations were " not going well
2001961
. " Dr Neale Kinnear , a senior psychologist at the
. k Dr Neale Kinnear , ca seoniorsycholofgist at the
..   "   DDr   Nѧeaallee   Kѧinѧnѧeeѧarѧ   ,    aa   sseѧonѧiioor  ssycchhѧolѧѧogѧѧѧiisstѧ   atѧ   ttheeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. " Dr Neale Kinnear , a seonior sychologist at the
2001962
Transport Research Laboratory ( TRL ) said that over-familia
Tratnsport Resegarch Laboratory ( TRL m) sxid tat ove-familia
ѧTrrѧaaѧnѧssppѧorrtѧ   Reesseeeeaarcchhѧ   Lѧabѧoorrѧattѧorѧyѧ   (   TTRѧLѧ    )   ssaiidd   thatѧ   ovѧeer-ffѧamѧѧilѧiiaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Transport Research Laboratory ( TRL ) said that over-familia
2001963
can also affect driving ability . A global campaign
can zalso affect drivimg mabilit . A tglobal campaagn
cѧѧanѧ    ѧalѧsѧoѧ   afѧfѧѧecѧtѧ   drrѧivѧiinngg   ѧѧabbѧilѧiitty  .   A     gllѧobѧaalѧ   ccamѧpѧaaiiggnnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
can also affect driving ability . A global campaign
2001964
aimed at reducing the marketing of unhealthy food to
aimeda reducing thezarktinguof unhualthyqfood to
ѧaiimѧѧed  a   rredѧѧucѧiinngg   tthee  marѧkeѧtѧinngg   ofѧ   unѧhheeaalltthѧyy  ffѧoѧodѧ   ttoѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
aimed a reducing the marketing of unhealthy food to
2001965
children has been launched . FRANKFURT ( Reuters )
childen xas been layched .FRANKFURT n Reters )
ѧchhiilldrreenn   hass   ѧbeѧenn   llatѧcchѧeedd  .  FѧRѧAѧNѧKѧFѧUѧRѧT   .n  Reeuteerrss   )ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
children has been latched . FRANKFURT .n Reuters )
2001966
- U.S. stock index futures were lower ahead of Wall
-U.S. stock ndex futures were lower ahead fWall
ѧ- Uѧ..S..   sttѧocѧkѧ  inndѧexѧ   ffuttѧurѧeess   wwerree   ѧlowѧeerr   ahheeaad   of WWalѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
- U.S. stock index futures were lower ahead of Wall
2001967
Street 's opening on Friday , with the focus on Federal
Sqtrett u's pening o Friday  with the focus on Federal
ѧSSѧttrrѧetttѧ    ''s   oppenniinngg   on  Frrѧiddѧayѧ  ,   witth    tthee   ѧfoccuuss   onѧ   Fѧedѧeerѧaalѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Stret 's opening on Friday , with the focus on Federal
2001968
Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , the weaker dollar and
Reserve Chaiman jen Brnanks ,qthe waker dollar and
ѧReesseerrvѧee   Chhaaiѧrmmann   ѧDenn   Brrѧѧѧanѧkѧsѧ   ,   tthee   wwakkeerѧ   ѧdolѧlѧѧarѧ   anѧdѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Reserve Chairman Den Branks , the waker dollar and
2001969
a new batch of quarterly results . WHAT WE LIKED Lobster
a neh mbatch of quaerly results . WHAT WEe LIKED Lobsteyr
ѧa   ѧnewѧ   ѧmѧѧatѧchhѧ   ofѧ   ѧquaaѧѧrrllyy   reesѧѧulѧtѧss   .  ѧWѧHѧAѧT   WѧEEO   LѧIѧKѧEѧD   Lѧobѧssttѧeѧrrѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
a new match of quarly results . WHAT WEO LIKED Lobster
2001970
bisque , lobster-haricots verts salad , beet salad
bisquev , lobster-hxaribot vertf salad , bet salad
bѧѧisѧqѧuueeѧѧ   ,   ѧlobѧsstѧeerѧ--ѧhhѧѧarѧѧibѧѧott   ѧverѧtѧfѧ   ssalѧaadd   ,   ѧbeѧt   ssalѧaaddѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
bisque , lobster-haribot vertf salad , bet salad
2001971
, moules et frites , scallops , crab two ways , salmon
, moulesyet frite , scalolpws , crabqtko ways , salmon
,,   ѧmouѧlleessyѧѧett   frrѧitѧee   ,   scѧѧalѧѧoѧѧѧѧѧѧss   ,   crѧѧabѧѧitѧѧѧoѧ   ѧwayѧss   ,   ѧsalѧmѧѧonѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, moulesyet frite , scalos , crabito ways , salmon
2001972
two ways , Chilean sea bass , osso buco , short ribs
two waysy k Chilean sea boss , ovso buc ,qshort ribs
ѧttwoo   ѧwayѧssѧ    ,   Chhѧilѧeeaanѧ    seaѧ   ѧbosѧss   ,   oѧѧssoo   bbucѧ  ,,  sshѧѧorѧtѧ   rѧibѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
two ways , Chilean sea boss , oso buc , short ribs
2001973
with lobster , raspberry phyllo napoleon , chocolate
wth lobster , raspberry phyllo napoleon , chocolate
wwithh   ѧlobѧsstѧeerѧ   ,   rѧasspѧbѧѧerѧrѧyy   phhѧylѧlѧoo   ѧnappѧolѧeeѧonѧ   ,   chhѧocѧoolѧѧatѧeeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
with lobster , raspberry phyllo napoleon , chocolate
2001974
banana meltdown , cheesecake with berry compote . Once
ananameltown , cceesecake with brryc compote l. Once
ѧanѧ annѧamѧeelѧttѧowѧnѧ   ,  cacѧceѧessѧeccѧakѧee   wwitth   barѧrѧѧycѧ   ѧcomѧppѧotѧee    ...  Onncceѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
an anameltown , cacceesecake with barryc compote . Once
2001975
heralded as the symbolic kickoff to the holiday shopping
herlded a ethevsymbolic kickffq to the holiday shepping
ѧhѧeѧѧѧѧdѧeedѧ   a   ѧtthhee  ssѧymѧbbѧolѧiicѧ   ѧkicѧkѧѧofѧѧѧ   tto   tthee   hѧolѧѧidѧѧayy   shѧѧepѧpѧiinngѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
heded a the symbolic kickof to the holiday shepping
2001976
season , Black Friday is sacred no more . Iberocruceros
gasn , Black Friday is sdacred no more . Iberocrucros
gѧѧassѧѧ   ,   Bllѧacѧkѧ   Frrѧiddѧayѧ   iss   shѧѧaѧѧrѧeedd   ѧno   ѧmorѧeѧ   .   Ibѧeerrѧoccrѧѧucѧrrѧossѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
gas , Black Friday is shared no more . Iberocrucros
2001977
, Ocean Village , P & O Cruises and P & O Cruises Australia
, cean Village , P & O Cruises and P & O Cruises Australiq
,,   ѧceaanѧ   Vѧilѧlѧѧaggee   ,   Pѧ  &   Oѧ  CCruuiisѧeѧss   anѧdѧ   Pѧ  &   Oѧ  Crruuiisѧeѧsѧ   Auussttrraalѧiaaѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
, cean Village , P & O Cruises and P & O Cruises Australia
2001978
. Maybe the Jets really are tougher than the Bengals
. Mabfe the Jerts really are tougher thn thejBengals
..   Maayѧbѧeѧ    thee   Jeerѧttsѧ   reeaalѧllyy   arѧee   ttouughhheerѧ   tthann  tthee  ѧBѧenѧgѧaalѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Maybe the Jerts really are tougher than the Bengals
2001979
. According to the 2001 Census there were already 550
. According to the g0 Cegensus thers yere already 550
..   Acѧcѧѧorѧdѧiinngg  ttoo   tthee   1ѧ0ѧ  Cѧevѧѧenѧsѧuuss  ottheerrss   ѧwerѧeѧ   alѧrreeaadѧyy  ѧ5ѧ5ѧ0ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. According to the 10 Cevensus others were already 550
2001980
second and holiday homes in the constituency . Karl
second nnd holiday hoesb in the constituenc . Karl
sseeccѧonndѧ   anѧdѧ   hѧolѧѧidѧѧayy   hѧopeesѧ    inѧ   tthee   cconnssttѧituuueenncyy  .   Kaarѧlѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
second and holiday hopes in the constituency . Karl
2001981
Frisch , a spokesman for Media Matters , called O 'Reilly
Frisczh , ao spokesman fiofr Meia Mtters ,r called O 'eilly
ѧFrrѧisѧѧcchhѧ   ,   aѧ    sppѧokeesssmmѧanѧ   ffѧooѧѧrѧ   MMediaѧ   Mattѧterrss   ,     ccalѧlѧeedѧ   Oѧ ''Neѧilѧlѧyyѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
Frisch , a spokesman for Media Matters , called O 'Neilly
2001982
's remarks " insensitive and racially charged " and
'sremark " innsesitie and racially chsrged f nd
''s  reemѧѧarѧkѧ   "   innѧѧsѧeenѧiittiive   anѧdѧ   rracѧiiaalѧllyy   chhѧarѧgѧeedѧ   of  andѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
's remark " insenitive and racially charged of and
2001983
rejected O 'Reilly 's contention that his comments
rejetlcted O 'Reiklp 's contentin that his comments
ѧreejѧѧeѧѧlecctteedѧ   Oѧ '''Reeiikѧѧѧѧѧ   'ss   cconѧtѧѧenѧttioon    thѧatѧ   hhisѧ   ѧcomѧmѧeenѧtѧssѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
rejelected O 'Reik 's contention that his comments
2001984
were taken out of context . 41st over : England 156-7
weue taken out of cotext . 41lst over : Eglnd 156-7
wwѧerѧeѧ   ttakѧeenѧ   ouutѧ   ofѧ   cconttexѧtѧ   .  ѧ4ѧ1 ѧsstt   ovѧeerѧ   :   Englanndѧ   1ѧ5ѧ6--ѧ7ѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
were taken out of context . 41 st over : England 156-7
2001985
( Prior 36 , Broad 27 ) Ajmal has been spraying it
( Pior 36 nBroad 27 )oAjmal has been spaying it
ѧ(   Piioorr   3ѧ6     Brrroaadd   2ѧ7ѧ  )   Aѧѧmmaalѧ   hhass   ѧbeѧenn   sppѧayѧѧinngg   itѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
( Pior 36 Broad 27 ) Amal has been spaying it
2001986
about here , offering very little threat . That DNA
about here , cffering very libtle threat e That DNA
ѧabbѧouutѧ   hѧerreѧ   ,   ofѧfѧѧerѧiinngg   ѧverryy   ѧlitѧtѧlleѧ   tthrreeaatѧ   .   TThhatѧ   DѧNѧAѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
about here , offering very little threat . That DNA
2001987
was the final piece in the jigsaw . The president earlier
was thec final piecke in the jipsaw. The president earlien
wѧѧasѧ    thhee    ѧfinѧaalѧ   ppiѧѧcѧѧѧeѧ   inѧ   tthee   ѧhipѧsѧѧѧѧ  ..  TThee   prreesѧѧidѧeenѧtѧ   eearrlѧiieerѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
was the final pice in the hips . The president earlier
2001988
defended the bill , which he called " imperfect " but
deefended the bill , which he called "dimjzmfec " but
dѧѧeeѧfѧѧenѧdѧѧedѧ   tthee   ѧbilѧlѧ   ,    whѧicѧhѧ   hee   ccalѧlѧeedѧ   "   imѧѧѧѧѧmѧѧѧѧecѧ   "   bbutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
defended the bill , which he called " immec " but
2001989
necessary . What do we have to show for it ? She has
necedssar . Wat do me have t show zr it ? She has
nѧѧeccѧeѧѧsѧsѧѧaryy  .   Whatt   ѧdoѧ  ѧme   hѧavѧeѧ  tto  shhѧowѧ   orѧ   itѧ   ?   SShee   hѧasѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
necessary . What do me have to show or it ? She has
2001990
called for strong leadership which will give those
caoled fo strbg leadership which will gie those
ccѧalѧlѧeedd   ffor  sttrrѧngg   ѧleaadѧѧerrsshhiipѧ    whhicѧhѧ    wilѧlѧ   ѧgivee  tthѧoseeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
called for strng leadership which will give those
2001991
involved a " clear steer . " Many astrologers look
inrolved a " clar steer .  Mny astrologtrs blook
ѧinnvѧѧolѧvѧeedѧ   a   "  ccleaarѧ  sstѧѧeѧerѧ   .  "  Manyy  aassttrrѧolѧѧogѧѧerrss    llѧoѧokѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
involved a " clear steer . " Many astrologers look
2001992
at charts in the same way . In 1976 , the Chinese government
at charts in the sdamle way . In 1976 v, the Chines gvvemnment
ѧatѧ   chѧaarѧtѧss   inѧ   tthee   ѧsѧѧamѧlѧeѧ   ѧwayѧ   .   Inѧ  11ѧ9ѧ7ѧ6     ,    thee   CChiinѧѧesѧe  ggovѧeerrnnmmeenntѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
at charts in the samle way . In 1976 , the Chinese government
2001993
sought for months to hide the extent of the damage
sought or mxontfhs to hie xe extint of the damagd
sѧѧouugghttѧ   orѧ    mѧѧonѧtthhѧѧsѧ   tto   hѧime   the   exѧttѧinѧtѧ   ofѧ   tthee   ѧdamѧaagѧedѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
sought or months to hime the extint of the damaged
2001994
. Yushchenko and Timoshenko are rivals in January 's
. Yushghengo ahnd Timoshenko are rivals inJanury s'f
..   Yѧusѧhѧѧѧhѧѧenѧgѧoѧ   aaѧnѧdѧ   TTimmѧosѧhѧѧenѧkѧoѧ   arѧee   rѧivѧѧalѧss   in  Jѧanѧuaarry    ''sѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
. Yushhengo and Timoshenko are rivals in January 's
2001995
presidential beauty contest . Bernanke 's education
presidensial bautyncontesmt . Bernanke 's educutipn
ѧprreesѧѧidѧeenѧtiiiaalѧ   bbauuttyyѧ ccconѧtѧѧesѧѧѧtѧ   .   Bѧerѧnѧѧanѧkѧee   'ss   edѧѧucѧѧattiionnѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
presidential bauty contest . Bernanke 's education
2001996
has just begun . The wacky couple will present the
has just begun . The lfkz kouplejwill preentmthe
ѧhѧasѧ   ѧjusѧtѧ   bbeggѧunn   .   TThee  lifѧkѧѧѧ   ѧcouѧpѧlleѧѧ  wwilѧlѧ   prreevennttѧ   theeѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
has just begun . The lifk couple will prevent the
2001997
glittering music awards bash , which is being broadcast
glittring music awarm bash , vhich xis being broadcaht
ѧgllѧitѧteѧriinngg   ѧmusѧiicѧ   awwѧarѧmѧ   ѧbasѧhѧ   ,    whhicѧhѧ    ѧiss   bbeѧinngg   bbrѧoaadѧccѧasѧttѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
glittering music awarm bash , which is being broadcast
2001998
live for a second consecutive year , on ITV1 . But
liveefor a secod coqsecutive year j o ITV1 . But
llѧivѧeeѧ  fforr   a   ssecѧѧondd  cconѧsѧeeccuuttiivveѧ   ѧyeaarѧ   ,   on  IѧTѧVѧ1ѧ  .   Bѧutѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
live for a second consecutive year , on ITV1 . But
2001999
the air force isn 't immediately confirming if it is
thhe air force isn 't immediately confirming hf it i
ѧtthheee   aiirѧ   fforrcѧeѧ   isѧnnn  'tѧ   imѧmѧѧedѧiiaatѧeellyy   cconѧfѧѧirѧmѧѧinngѧ   ifѧ   itѧ   isѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧѧ
the air force isn 't immediately confirming if it is
